Help Desk Technician Help Desk Technician Database Administrator Intern - Subcontractor for KCW Engineering Technologies Adelphi, MD Cybersecurity graduate passionate about computer technology and security. Brings a hands-on approach to learning and problem-solving. Eager to expand technical knowledge and gain experience. Excellent analytical and critical thinking skills; a skilled communicator who can meet goals under deadlines. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Help Desk Technician PowerTrain Inc. March 2019 to Present • Provides secure hosting for thousands of sites for our Federal Government and commercial clients.  • Provides information and assistance to troubleshoot and solve problems accessing training and information.  • Provides help desk services across our LMSs, applications, sites, and LCMS, supporting hundreds of sites with a user population totaling over a million users.  • Provide an information and assistance resource that troubleshoot problems with courses and computers  • Be the first point of contact for all customer inquiries; escalate concerns of a complex nature to the Helpdesk Supervisor for advice and guidance.  • Ensure the provision of world class customer services ensuring all Estates and Facilities requests are dealt with effectively and efficiently.  • Run reports and analyze helpdesk data as requested.  • Ensure all relevant information in order to priorities and resolve requests is obtained and evaluated. Database Administrator Intern Subcontractor for KCW Engineering Technologies - Glen Burnie, MD 2018 to Present • Responsible for maintaining the integrity and performance of company databases and guarantee that data is stored securely and optimally • Ensure security of company data, Install updates, Backup and restore data, Install database software • Troubleshooting issues on behave of the users, Troubleshoot Database Errors • Strong technical and interpersonal communication, Ensure platform Availability • Update Database Permissions, Assign passwords and maintain database access • Configure database software, Deploy systems and system updates, setup security for database • Control access permissions and privileges, Support calls, ordering computer parts • Monitor database performance, implement changes and apply new patches and versions when required Assistant Deli Manager Safeway Inc - Gambrills, MD 2010 to Present • Strong work ethic, outstanding communication skills, deadline-driven; received two promotions.  • Supervise a crew of 4-5 employees daily. Delegate work assignments and effectively utilizing employees and supplies to provide customer satisfaction • Manage inventories: track weekly reports, order raw materials and supplies in order to maximize profits, drive sales, and reduce out- of- stock.  • Follow all guidelines and procedures outlined in department health and safety manuals • Prepared daily sandwiches, salads, and desserts to order in a very busy environment • Coordinate with other department to develop marketing plans that meet the financial objectives of the store.  • Provide leadership that promotes and exemplifies a passion for food Education Associate of Applied Science in Information Assurance and Cybersecurity Anne Arundel Community college - Hanover, MD Skills AutoCAD (1 year), Database (1 year), Excel (Less than 1 year), file management (Less than 1 year), security (1 year), DBA, LMS (Less than 1 year) Awards Public Notary 2018-07 Certified Public Notary Public Trust Clearance 2019-03 Obtained Public trust clearance Additional Information COMPUTER SKILLS  • Operating Systems: Chrome OS, Mac OS, Linux, Multi-tasking and Ubuntu  • Basic file management using command prompt and terminal window  • Use graphical user interface to perform file management  • Understanding of security threats to microcomputers and users  • Knowledgeable of methods to protect against security threats  • Create queries using Structured Query Language and Query by Example  • Understanding of OSI Model and TCP/IP protocols  • Understanding of subnetting  • Software applications: Windows 10, 2016, Microsoft Office 2017, Microsoft PowerPoint 2016, Microsoft Vista, Excel, VMware, Spreadsheet, Adobe, Communication software and Database Software  • Minimum AutoCAD experience, Symantec, message labs, office365, and LogMeIn