DBA DBA DBA - Omnitracs Worcester, MA 7+ Years of experience as Oracle DBA (11g/10g) and oracle application DBA which includes Installation, Configuration, Performance Tuning, Backup/Recovery, Disaster Recovery, upgrading, Cloning, patching, Administration, 24X7 On-Call production support on different HP-UX, Sun Solaris, Linux, and Windows.  • Proficient with Database Cloning, Migration, Data Guard and Patching of Oracle Databases and Oracle Applications.  • Every good knowledge of version update and patching.  • Build RAC from scratch on Linux.  • Expertise in application cloning R12.1.x and R12.2.4, database refreshes patching using ADOP (Online Patching), adpatch and Opatch, apply CPU patches, handling configuration changes using Autoconfig.  • Good experience in administration of Oracle database, RAC databases 10g, 11g, 12c, Grid Infrastructure and ASM storage, Oracle Data Guard and Golden Gate for data replication.  • Experience as a Production support/Operations DBA with Multi-Terabyte large databases and as well  as Development/Engineering/Data Warehouse DBA.  • Flexibility in working with teams for production of database.  • Automation of redundant database and application monitoring jobs using shell scripts.  • Experience in using 10g and 11g features like Data pump, Flash-Back Recovery, ASM and Compression  • Upgrading the databases from 9i and 10g to 11gr2.  • Experienced in maintenance of security infrastructure, identification/authorization security and maintaining Database Security using auditing  • Provided 24x7 production support for Oracle 12c/11g/10g/9i databases on various platforms  • Oracle Database Administration / Application Design, Development Design and Administration. Extensive experience in custom development / data quality analysis, Legacy data processing, stored procedures, Triggers, indexing strategies.  • Good hands on experience in configuring and maintaining11g ORACLE ENTERPRISE MANAGER (OEM)  • Configured and implemented golden gate and adding new tables to streams  • Knowledge in Oracle Golden gate.  • Knowledge in working with clustered environments.  • Worked on SOA Suite upgrade from 11g to 12C  • Delivering SQL and Database performance tuning services via V$/GV$ views, Explain Plan, TKPROF, AWR (Statspack) reports, ADDM, SQL Tuning Advisor, SQL Access, Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM), Grid control, analyzing SQL trace dumps for 9i/10g/11g.  • Experience in Operational data store, data cleansing, backup and restoration strategies and SAN.  • Used PL/SQL (Stored procedures, triggers, packages (DBMS_*, UTL_*)), SQL* PLUS, SQL* LOADER and SQL tuning of Oracle database.  • Automation of redundant database and application monitoring jobs using shell scripts.  • Experience in GRID control implementation, and 12c Cloud control OEM.  • Extensive Experience in Oracle Architecture, I/O tuning, Memory Tuning, Performance Tuning, Backups, Recoveries, RMAN backups, Optimization, Crash/Disaster Recovery, Networking, Troubleshooting  • Expertise in Trouble shooting day to day production issues in 24*7 production  • Exceptional troubleshooting and analytical problem-solving skills.  • Excellent problem solving skills with strong technical background and interpersonal skills.  • Preparing Standard Operating Procedures documents for all databases under support  • Hands on in managing partitioned tables like creating the partitioned tables, addition of new partitions, compression, exchange partitioning and carrying out maintenance activities.  • Good Written and verbal Communication skills with a customer service oriented attitude.  • Proficient with 11g new features: Active Data guard, configuring Snapshot standby database.  • Automated Rebuilding indexes, Partition additions and space additions  • Exploring 12c New Features, 12c Multitenant Architecture, In-Memory, ASM, Data Guard  • Performance tuning, backup and recovery, space management, database security, Auditing.  • Cloning the Database from Prod to Dev using USER MANAGED and RMAN techniques.  • Migrate schemas using traditional exp/imp and Oracle Data pump utilities. Work Experience DBA Omnitracs - Dallas, TX April 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • 24x7 Production support and maintenance of Oracle ERP applications  • Performing weekly EBS application clone to support Production  • Upgraded Oracle applications from 11.5.10.2 to 12.2.4 with Database 11g (11.2.0.4)  • Upgraded EBS database from 11.2.0.3 to 11.2.0.4 to support EBS 12.2.4 upgrade  • Installed and configured Vertex O Series 8.0 as part of Oracle DB 12c upgrade  • Installed Weblogic 12c for Vertex project  • Administration of Discoverer 11g application  • Applied EBS applications and functional patches using ADOP  • Applied quarterly CPU security patches for both database and applications  • Perform and monitor weekly and daily RMAN backups as needed  • To work with Technical and Function teams to support upgrades, new code migrations and new concurrent request setup.  • Daily DBA activities such as schemas creation, space management in database, tables export and import  • Constantly supporting Business with Production issues, implementing daily changes and performing Administration tasks  • Performing Applications admin tasks using ADADMIN utility  • Perform yearly Non-Prod EBS application cloning from Prod  • On demand database and application refresh  • Troubleshoot long running concurrent jobs  • Gathered database/Objects statistics using DBMS_UTILITY, DBMS_STATS, and FND_STATS packages  • To Work with Oracle support on Sev1 and Sev2 issues  • Worked on data conversion project SHAW CANADA  • To support third party applications- Qlivkiew and NGB  • Security User Management, Privileges, Roles, Auditing, Profiling, Authentication  • To coordinate with Business and Unix team to schedule OS maintenance  Environment: Oracle Applications EBS 11i/ R12.2, Oracle 11g/12c, OEM 12c, WebLogic Server10.x/11g/12c, TOAD, Solaris, Red Hat Enterprise Linux, RMAN, RAC, ASM, and Data Guard, Data Pump, OBIEE, Vertex and Discoverer, Qlivkview, NGB DBA Wells Fargo - San Francisco, CA March 2015 to April 2017 Responsibilities:  • 24x7 Production database and application support.  • Upgraded databases from 10g, 11gR2 and 12c.  • Installed, configured and maintained Oracle 10g and 11gR2.  • Involved in annual Disaster Recovery (DR/BCP) validation activities.  • Oracle application cloning / Refresh of 11i, R12.  • Oracle Application patching experience with various ad patch options.  • Followed and implemented the Database Security technical Implementation Guide (STIG), the Oracle Security Readiness Review (SRR) and Department of Defense (DOD) to target conditions that undermine the integrity of security, contributing to inefficient security operations and administration, or may lead to interruption of production operations specific to databases.  • Worked with Oracle Diagnostics tools such as Explain Plan, SQL Trace, TKPROF used to analyze timing and execution plans for SQL query to tune SQL statements.  • Addressing Query response time and other Performance Issues with respect to E-Business suite  • Created Data Guard standby databases, worked on patching primary/standby.  • Involved with installation and maintenance of Primary and Standby Database (Oracle Data Guard) for High Availability and Disaster Recovery Purpose.  • Changed priority of replicaset nodes to keep Primary on specific data nodes. Worked on BulkWrite operations in MongoDB  • Patch Application to Oracle E-Business suite, Databases as per schedule.  • Handling tickets raised by functional/technical/business users for applications including Oracle GTM, SOA, ODI, E-Business suite, Databases.  • MongoDB CRUD Operations and Setting up MongoDB Profiling to get slow queries  • Restoration and Recovery of databases at the times of occurrences of critical failures.  • Responsible for installing, upgrading ad configuring the Oracle environment by creating databases, storage structures and objects, database backup and recovery, monitoring and optimizing database performance.  • Cloning/Refreshed Oracle databases and Oracle Applications.  • Refresh Non-production databases from production to RMAN duplicate.  • Implemented Oracle database backup and recovery solutions using RMAN and manual methods.  • Upgraded FMW 11g to 12c, 12.2.1.1 to 12.2.1.2.  • Moving data between databases using Data Pump.  • Performed large batch jobs, and tuning of SQL queries and database systems.  • Created User accounts, Role and granting required access permissions and privileges to the database based on applications they are accessing  • Handling Alerts raised by alert monitoring system from Database and applications  • Install, configure and setup of 12c RAC on Linux.  • Add new nodes to RAC 12c Cluster to distribute the load.  • Install and implement 10g RAC with 4 nodes with ASM.  • Partitioned large tables for better performance and manageability  • Responsible in configuring and backing up database using RMAN, Hot backups, Cold backups, File system backups and Logical backups using data pumps  • Configured and implemented golden gate.  • Implemented downstream capture at the destination database using golden gate.  • Resolved streams synch issues.  • Perform other regular DA activities including space management and performance monitoring.  • Worked on SOA Suite upgrade from 11g to 12c  • Load and transform data using SQL*Loader ad External tables Logical and Physical Database design  • Worked on creating new users, responsibilities, concurrent requests and monitoring concurrent jobs.  • Worked with UNIX, Storage and Networking teams to implement infrastructure related changes.  • Worked with Oracle Support to resolve various issues reported  • Administer database user accounts. Create, modify and deactivate user accounts; assign and monitor user access rights. Manage database back-up and recovery plans; develop disaster recovery/continuity of operation plans; perform routine database backup and recovery operations as necessary.  • Clear documentation was prepared on all the processes like program specification, bugs fixing, logs and change requests for future references.  • Developed policies and procedures for system operations to better serve clients. Oracle Database Administrator Apple Federal Credit Union - Alexandria, VA January 2012 to February 2015 Responsibilities  • Responsible for overall strategic planning & redesign of databases: Requirements gathering and Analysis, Design, Test and Implementation through the phases of System Development Life Cycle  • Ensured daily RMAN backups are completed and valid for restore and recovery  • Configured the necessary parameters for Flashback database settings and Flash Recovery Area, then using RMAN to issue Flash Recovery Commands  • Performed daily database administration on production environments  • Managing databases and instances using Data Guard RAC in a real time production, testing, and Development environment  • Provided 24*7 support and reported to the Operations Manager and the VP of Operations  • Implementing Oracle ASM and resolving ASM related issues  • Provided performance tuning, maintaining, and troubleshoot database problems  • Configured and maintained data loads in huge Data warehousing systems using the Informatica Power Center ETL tool. Supported data warehousing and databases  • Leverage knowledge in installing and configuring Oracle Database 11g and 12c in testing environment.  • Upgraded Oracle database using DBUA or Data Pump Export/Import  • Implemented database Refresh (cloning) using full export for table level and full database  • Tuning the SGA components for better performance and optimization  • Use the powerful ETL too to extract and load information into the database.  • Implemented Migration Strategies based on cost, time, and platforms requirements  • Advanced troubleshooting using trace files, alert log, and external links (Metalink or Oracle Support)  • Decommission databases and services per request from change management team.  • Generated Reports and preparing memo to communicate progress and providing early alerts for major updates  • Analyzing performance issues and providing recommendation based on testing results using Oracle's tools like AWR, ASH, AWR & Data Recovery advisor.  • Performing database patching, upgrade and migration as necessary  • Proactively diagnosing and resolving problems affecting the database using ASH.  • Maintaining database configurations in compliance with release management and change management  • Responsible for monitoring (alert log, memory, disk I/O, CPU, database network connectivity)  • Implemented database Refresh (cloning) using full export for table level and full database defragmentation, resulting in improved performance and effective space management  • Monitoring database, application and UNIX servers using custom monitoring scripts. Oracle DBA Capital One - Chicago, IL May 2010 to December 2012 Responsibilities:  • Having Standby database configured for DR setup for OEM to failover.  • Dealing with Export / Import, data pump, backup & recovery and various Database issues.  • Migrating 10g/11g db to 12c using export/import, RMAN standby method depends on down time.  • Implemented backup and recovery procedures (cold/hot backups, RMAN incremental backups & import/export)  • Build many 12c databases in RAC and stand alone for many new applications.  • Created database links and materialized views.  • Daily hurdle for performance issue, SQL tuning, Memory Tuning  • Daily review of AWR/ADDM for expensive SQLs  • Adding Partition and reorg the big tables to make a partition tables.  • Designing and planning the database and configuration, roles, privileges.  • Capacity planning for database growth and taking preemptive measure.  • Daily hurdle for performance issue, SQL tuning, Memory Tuning  • Daily review of AWR/ADDM for expensive SQLs  • Adding Partition and reorg the big tables to make a partition tables.  Environment: Golden Gate, Windows, Sun Solaris, Oracle 12c, 11g, 10g, Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM 10g, 11g, 12c, 13c), RMAN, Import/Export, ASM, AWR, STATSPACK, Unix Scripting, SQL*Plus, PL/SQL, Oracle Linux. Education Bachelor's Skills DBA, Oracle Dba, Sql Dba, Sql Server, MYSQL, Oracle Database, Rman, Sql Database, RAC, DB2