Oracle Database Administrator/Snr System Analyst Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span>/Snr System Analyst Oracle Database Administrator/Snr System Analyst - Ellucian Houston, TX * 7 years of Professional experience in a variety of hardware platforms including; MS-Windows 2000, 2003, NT Server, MS SQL Server, UNIX/Linux, Sun Solaris, HP-UX & AIX.  * Experience in maintaining database including database security, Capacity monitoring and performance tuning using Statspack, Explain plan, Analyze, ADDM, AWR Report and so on.  * Experience in Real Application Cluster RAC including setting up 10g, 11g, 12c RAC.  * Good experience in regular Security patching on oracle products and interim patching for various bug fixes on database products.  * Expertise in creating and configuring databases using DBCA and working experience in writing SQL for creating views, functions, stored procedures, creation of databases.  * Extensive experience implementing backup and recovery strategy for disaster recovery using Hot/Cold Backups and using the Oracle backup utility such as RMAN.  * Excellent knowledge of SQL*Plus, SQL*Net, SQL*Loader, Enterprise Manager & Performance Tuning Pack.  * Experience in installing, patching, maintaining and upgrading all Oracle software (11g t0 12c).  * Extensive working experience on database Cloning, Refresh, and patch management.  Documentation of the work assigned in the environment and stored for the future use.  * Installation and configuration of perceptive content client software. Upgrade of perceptive content client application.  * Experience in Implementing High Availability solution e.g Oracle Data Guard, Transparent Data Encryption and Oracle Golden Gate Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator/Snr System Analyst Ellucian August 2018 to Present • Daily Monitoring of non-production and production environments for all oracle databases in Banner environment.    • Implementing backup and recovery strategies for all database environments using RMAN and Oracle data pump utility.    • Implementation and integration of Banner XE application on solaris 11 server.    • Database upgrade to oracle 12c for production and non-production database environment    • Assess and develop long-term strategic goals for production databases in conjunction with data owners and department managers.    • Code Migration from non-production to production environment    • Implemented database backup and clone scripts to improve operational tasks for production/non-prod environments    • Cloning oracle database environment and banner environment using RMAN for testing and performance tuning.    • Java Installation on solaris operating system    • Storage management and creating uniform storage system for backups and datafiles on Operating system    • Installation of Automic Application Manager in test and production environments.    • Diagnose, troubleshoot/resolve software and database issues.    • Review and creating scope of work and standard operating procedures.    • Implementing disaster recovery plans and High availability systems by implementing oracle Dataguard and Data redaction.    • Mentoring users and creating standard operating Procedures.    • Support and troubleshoot Database and connectivity issues Oracle Database Administrator II San Jacinto Community College November 2015 to August 2018 Installing, patching, maintaining and upgrading all Oracle software using DBCA; Performance tuning of all Oracle Instance components and assisting the application developers in testing and implementation stages of the application tuning  ? Banner security administration, baseline Upgrades and installation of TCC patches.  ? Installation and Configuration of Oracle enterprise manager 13c to support all production and non-production environment  ? Oracle database Upgrade 11g to 12c for non - production and production environments using dbua and manual database upgrade method  ? Actively involved in the configuration of implementation of ELLUCIAN GO mobile application.  ? Installation and configuration of Perceptive content Server Application.  ? Installation of Oracle critical patches and Updates using O-patch utility.  ? Deploying web application for banner integrated application using Oracle weblogic Server  ? Performing constant and occasional database backup and recovery using RMAN, Data pump Import and Export utility, multiplexing the Control file etc. Using RMAN to clone database  ? Modifying database structures as required by developers due to business or application requirements, cloning development databases for testing and training.  ? Design and implement redundant systems, policies, and procedures for disaster recovery and data archiving. Monitor, optimize and allocate physical data storage for database systems  ? Sending daily operational report to the top management regarding the whole operation of the day, including any hitches and unusual situations.  ? Administering and maintaining databases including daily monitoring and performance analysis using Stats pack, ADDM, AWR Report etc. Gathering and analyzing AWR report for troubleshooting purposes.  ? Working with other IT professionals for database designs and reviews; troubleshooting database issues, and deploying timely fixes; maintaining regular and proactive database patches, updates and performance enhancement.  ? Configuring the Oracle Network environment including Oracle Net Services and Listeners, configuring and managing oracle network.  ? Developing SQL scripts to carry out routine checks on databases. This include checking if the Listener is running, optimal running of all databases, UNIX error messages, disk space availability. Oracle Database Administrator I Mastec Advanced Technologies September 2012 to October 2015 • Reviewed and integrated application requirements, including functional, security, integration, performance, quality, and operations requirements.  • Set up and manage database security by creating new users, roles, profiles, and provide required user privileges in development, test, training and production environments.  • Manual configuration of Oracle Database using commands  • Worked on single-instance databases running on Linux operating system.  • Implementation, installation, configuration and upgrade on Red Hat Linux advance Server on Development  • Performed Health Checks for database auditing purposes to involve running scripts to gauge security exposures and subsequently implement resolution to violations.  • Performed upgrades to databases while coordinating with Application DBAs.  • Enhancing SQL statements performance using Explain Plan and Oracle optimizer hints  • Provided production support for single-instance, multiple systems utilizing  • Experienced in installation and configuration of Oracle Real Application Cluster(RAC)  • Ability to manage high availability solution centers using Oracle Real Application Clusters (RAC) with several nodes.  • Experienced in Cloning of production databases to test environment for testing purposes.  • Set up and manage database security by creating new users, roles, profiles, and provide required user privileges  • Controlling and monitoring user access to the database.  Experienced and participated in shift rotation and on-call 24/7 Education Bachelor of Science in Civil and Environmental Engineering University of Lagos - Lagos, NG Skills Ms access, Sql server, Oracle, Pl/sql, Sql, Rman, Linux, Shell scripting, Solaris, Sun, Unix, Unix shell, Ux, Hp-ux, Cisco, Router, Vm, Nosql, Scripting, Erwin Additional Information Relevant Technical Skills    ? Operating Systems: HP-UX 10.x, 11.x, Sun Solaris 5.8, 5.9, 5.10, Linux (Redhat Linux) and Windows NT/2000/2003/XP.  ? Databases: Oracle 12c/11g/10g/9i/8i, SQL Server, MS Access, My SQL, NoSQL  ? Languages: SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX SHELL SCRIPTING  ? Tools: DBCA, DBUA, WinSCP, Oracle Data Guard, RAC, RMAN, ASM, VCS, SQL*PLUS, SQL*LOADER, SQL Developer EXP, IMP, Data Pump (expdp, impdp), TOAD, Erwin, TOAD, Data Modeler, SQL TRACE, EXPLAIN PLAN, TKPROF, STATSPACK, AWR, and ADDM, OEM / Grid Control, Oracle VM Virtual Box, DB Artisan, VM Ware Server 2.0 to 2.2  ? Hardware: Cisco router, Cisco Switch, Servers, EMC storage