Customer Quality Specialist Customer Quality Specialist Customer Quality Specialist - Apria Healthcare Gilbert, AZ Resourceful leader driven to cut business costs and boost revenue through innovative management techniques. Organized and diligent, with excellent written, oral and interpersonal communication skills. Successful in motivating dynamic teams. Work Experience Customer Quality Specialist Apria Healthcare - Chandler, AZ November 2014 to Present • Establish, maintain and educate patients, physicians, nurses and hospital personnel on a national scale about the requirements for the different insurances including Medicare and Medicaid for specific durable medical equipment.  • I have participated in many corporate projects to increase quality assurance, revenue, and productivity.  • As subject matter expert I increased procedure efficiency and developed training programs to implement it.  • Increased revenue by working with customers to get the needed qualifying documentation so their insurance will start billing again bringing their account up to date. Customer Care Supervisor Xerox Business Services, LLC - Tempe, AZ January 2014 to October 2014 • Supervised a team of 20 customer service representatives.  • Instituted best practices to meet the companies service level agreements such as quality assurance and other client-specific requirements bringing the overall QA scores of the representatives up to 98%.  • Updated all the standard operating procedures and discarded what was not needed anymore. This increased customer service representative efficiency by 50%.  • Prepared daily, weekly and monthly activity reports to track individual and group performance in resolution, time management, adherence to policies and procedures, quality assurance, employee development, employee discipline as well as ensured the consistent achievement of customer services levels and standards.  • Recruited and trained customer service representatives. Executive Assistant/ Database Administrator ATG Learning Academy - Warminster, PA September 2010 to September 2013 • Represented the school at public events, fundraisers, open houses, and presentations.  • Ensured budget requirements were met and identified ways to reduce costs.  • Audited accounts receivable and collected $110,000 overdue accounts.  • Proficient in Microsoft Office, Excel, Publisher, PowerPoint, Outlook, and Access; QuickBooks, Blackbaud Database, WordPress Content Management System, One Call Now Notification System and the Internet.  • Researched and executed project work plans for contracts, purchases, insurance claims, legal issues, policies, and procedures.  • Configured and maintained new database system for an entire school.  • Educated all school personnel and student families on the new database system. Education Graduation 2020 in Business Communications Arizona State University-Polytechnic - Mesa, AZ August 2016 to Present Associates Degree in Business Administration in Accounting Bucks County Community College - Newtown, PA December 2019 Skills Icd 10 (4 years), Quality Improvement (9 years), Quality Assurance, Client Liaison (9 years), Microsoft Office (9 years), Customer Service (9 years), Revenue Recognition (9 years), Collections (8 years), Policy Analysis (9 years), Standard Operating Procedures (9 years), Call Center Operations (6 years), Healthcare (5 years), Auditing (9 years), Medical Terminology (4 years), Accounting (9 years), Project Management (9 years), Social Media Management (3 years), Business Management (3 years), Subject Matter Expert (4 years), Time Management (9 years), HCPCS (4 years), Data Storage Technologies (9 years), Communications (9 years), Digital Literacy (9 years), Employee Training (9 years), training, Scheduling, Team Building, Microsoft Word, Word, retail sales Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/elizabeth-trahey-879b22132