Database Manager <span class="hl">Database</span> Manager Database Manager Miramar, FL oriented, self-confident individual with exceptional success establishing genuine rapport with my clients and co-workers. Highly motivated, disciplined and result driven. I am known for being a fast learner and a great resource within my peers. Work Experience Database Manager PNP Staffing Group - Manhattan, NY July 2018 to January 2019 GLSEN  • Maintain impeccable donor records in Raiser's Edge by entering gift data, actions, and copies of correspondence  • Keep donor records up to date by cleaning data, de-duping accounts, and updating assignments and attributes  • Generate regular revenue and donor reports in addition to as needed custom reports  • Produce timely, personalized acknowledgement letters for all gifts Database Manager National Urban League January 2018 to June 2018 • Support direct mail efforts by importing appeals, exporting mail lists, tracking results, coordinating vendor relationships, and proofing all copies.  Jan 2018 - June 2018 National Urban League  • Responsible for the collection of data managed by Partnership and Advancement to various platforms, reports, dashboards, etc.  • Collaborates with internal teams to ensure reporting requirements are met. Assists in process reporting goals.  • Managed grant proposal prospect, reporting and assisted in renewal pipeline. Membership Associate Pérez Art Museum Miami - Miami, FL November 2013 to May 2016 • Manage Membership card processing including reviewing, editing all current membership records, preparing multiple excel files for membership cards to be printed.  • Work with Development to process all major gifts thru Altru. Hard and soft crediting all donors.  • Trained other departments on how to use current Database.  • Made dept. more efficient using online tools allowing for membership renewals, new membership using e-blast with MailChimp, requiring HTML knowledge.  • Assist all departments in questions regarding Altru queries, revenue, membership, and event registrations.  • Complete public name recognition list for the donors donating at a Friend level and above annually.  • Maintenance of Altru database including pulling list, creating reports, helping with cleanup projects and any other duties as they arise. Database Administrator Best Buddies International - Miami, FL September 2007 to July 2013 • Supervise and delegate importing/exporting thru our two databases currently used with the organization. (Blackbaud Sphere recently Kintera, Blackbauds Raisers Edge)  • Create online registration forms for participant and donor event soliciting, worked with systems CMS to house files, pdfs, and images.  • Created ad-hoc queries to pull information directly needed for an event or for a mailing using query methods for database.  • Facilitate in making the databases consistent, clean, up to date, and correlate with each other.  • Worked with staff on creating e-Mail blast using HTML (over the phone assistance) across the nation to all our donors and affiliates.  • Worked with management on all major tasks relating to database issues/projects.  • Made sure all information being imported into our database was according to Best Buddies Guidelines. Education A.A. in Networking Services Technology Dade College - Miami, FL May 2004 to July 2007 Coral Gables Senior High - Coral Gables, FL September 1995 to June 1999