Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - General Motors Canton, GA • Over 8 years' experience as an Oracle Database Administrator in a 24x7 production business system setting • Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering and Master's degree in Information Systems • Oracle Database 11g Administrator Certified Professional (11g OCP), Oracle Database 10g Administrator Certified Professional (10g OCP) • Successfully upgraded multiple Oracle databases from 10g to 11g, 11g to 12C • Worked in a 24/7 mission critical environment supporting of production database services to ensure the highest standards of availability, resilience, integrity, security and performance • Good working knowledge of Oracle RAC, ASM, Golden Gate, Data Guard (both physical and logical) • Experience with database backup, restore and recovery using RMAN • Good experience applying quarterly patches to Oracle databases • An impressive communication and creative problem solving skills Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator General Motors - Roswell, GA February 2014 to Present • Work as a part of a 25 person Operation DBA team providing production support for over 2000 Production oracle databases primarily in an Oracle 11g, 12c, RAC, Golden Gate and Data Guard environments.  • Co-ordinates and collaborate with internal organizations and internal business partners such as innovation DBAs, security compliance, UNIX system administrators, Database Engineers and Storage Engineers.  • Foster virtual team collaboration working with team members in three other Innovation Centers through out the United States, along with team members in Europe and Brazil.  • Monitor the health of 115 assigned databases • Shift lead in 24 x7 rotational on- call support • Performs oracle software software upgrades and quarterly PSU patches.  • Used Grid Control for system performance tuning and monitoring.  • One of GM's Security DBAs that ensures that sox databases are compliant and audit ready.  • Perform refreshes on oracle databases • One of the OEM Support DBAs that install, configure and manage Oracle Agent, Grid Control, and 13c Cloud Control • Perform Day to day administration of Oracle Databases • Assist the innovation team in building databases of various complexities ranging from standalone, RAC, ASM and Dataguard.  • Perform Disaster recovery using an Oracle Data Guard fail over solution and completed several planned switchovers.  • Configure and use RMAN backups for Hot and Cold backups • Perform Recovery of Oracle Databases • Trained new Oracle DBAS on day to day procedures Oracle Database Administrator IBM - Dubuque, IA February 2014 to April 2014 • Worked with a team of 12 DBAS supporting two Accounts: State of Georgia and State of California with over 500 Databases. These databases range in size from 2 gigs to 25 Terabytes.  • Performed regular maintenance to oracle 11g, 10g, 9i and 8i databases.  • Interfaced with account management to resolve critical situation issues.  • Performed oracle software, client and oracle grid infrastructure installation for a standalone server • Performed single server database installations with /without ASM.  • Applied Oracle patches to databases • Performed database upgrades from oracle 10g to oracle 11g • Managed 4 node Oracle 10g Real Application Clusters (RAC) databases with ASM Storage • Configured and use RMAN for hot and cold backups • Implemented home grown scripts scheduled via crontab for redundant database monitoring • Monitored backup operations, and schedules manual backups as needed • Created users, schemas and performed imports and exports of oracle schemas • Worked with system administrators and nfigure the system for optimal performance • Created and monitored data files, controlfiles, tablespaces and archivelogs • Monitored space usage, and adjust database as needed • Performed Security Health Checks including user privileges, user profile review, database parameter preview and security re-validation remediation • Used Grid control for system performance tuning and monitoring • Monitored Oracle trends for hardware usage and user load • Planned and coordinated data migrations between systems • Assisted senior DBA in maintaining documentation, lessons learned, best practices, and quality improvement documentation • Maintained strong relationships with all lines of business and business units, through customer focused service delivery.  • Contacted Oracle Support for assistance on problems which are beyond internal capabilities to resolve • Trained new hires and Junior DBAs on day to day procedures PC Tech State Personnel Administration - Atlanta, GA September 2010 to December 2010 • Provided computer systems support to over 100 end-users by troubleshooting and resolving hardware and software issues.  • Built and restored workstation images.  • Maintained accurate, up-to-date inventory records of all computer equipment, printers, and software licenses.  • Contributed a technology article published in the monthly online newsletter for state employees.  • Provided assistance in IT product evaluation and recommendations. Education Master of Science in Information Systems in Information Systems Kennesaw State University - Kennesaw, GA December 2009 Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Engineering University of Benin December 2005 Skills AIX (Less than 1 year), databases (5 years), HP-UX (Less than 1 year), Hummingbird (Less than 1 year), Linux (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Windows (Less than 1 year), OpenText (Less than 1 year), Oracle (5 years), RMAN (5 years), SunOS (Less than 1 year), UNIX (5 years), UX (Less than 1 year), Solaris (Less than 1 year), DBA, RAC, XML, SQL, Oracle Dba, Oracle Database, MYSQL, Sql Dba Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  • Oracle Databases Administration: 8i, 9i, 10g and 11g  • 11g RAC and Grid Infrastructure with ASM  • Oracle RMAN, RAC and ASM, Data Guard, Golden Gate  • Oracle Enterprise Manager, Recovery Manager (RMAN), Data Pump Export/Import, Regular Export/Import etc.  • Multiple platforms: HP/UX, SunOS/Solaris, Linux, AIX and Windows Server.  • Client connectivity tools: OpenText, Putty, Hummingbird, WinSCP, Remote Desktop Connection etc.  • Microsoft Windows (7, Vista, XP, 2000, etc)