Creator/Developer Creator/Developer UX Research and Design; User Experience Research; Human Factors Portland, OR As a hybrid thinker I combine methodology, analysis, creativity and compassion for assessing complex problems, and for researching, designing and evaluating solutions. My academic and technical backgrounds have fostered a curious, listening mindset with a knack for ideation and futuring backed by discovery, analysis and invention.    UX Case Studies  CutieBit Multiverse  - Performed comparative research of blockchain-based digible industry: digible products, users, user journeys, tokens.  - Surveyed our identified markets on appealability of our concept and features.  - Held focus groups on appealability of variations on caricatures and particle lab control center.  - Researched subatomic particle behaviours and characteristics for our particles. Developed fictionalized particles using the standard model.  - Develop User and Token Flow through game site    Coursera Discussion Forum User Needs Assessment.  Tasked to find violations of interface design by performing a reiterative heuristics evaluation.   • Evaluated forum interface with usability inspection methods.   • Assessed severity of violations with 0-4 rating scale  • Reported findings and recommendations with lo-fi prototypes    Netflix Content Shareability Study  Assessed if and how Netflix consumers may want to share content.  • Developed a protocol for a semi-structured observational interview.  • Using think-aloud protocol, encouraged users to comment on their actions and thoughts.  • Clustered qualitative data using affinity notes and walls based on themes and participant codes.  • Analyzed qualitative data  • Reported findings with recommendations and lo-fi prototypes Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Creator/Developer CutieBit Multiverse - https://cutiebit.io February 2018 to Present Capitalized on the opportunity to lead the conceptualization, development, and implementation of blockchain-based digital and plush collectibles. Developed dynamic features of the CutieBit Multiverse, including marketplaces, particle lab, and augmented reality options. Secured core team, partnerships, and legal. Established Cutie token for ICO and provided all content for the ICO webpage and whitepaper. Personally storyboarded, produced and edited the introductory video.    • Comparative research of blockchain-based digible industry: digible products, users, user journeys, tokens.  • Developed multiple customer personas based on comparative research of competitor blockchain-based startups.   • Developed CutieBit visual and behavioural characteristics based on research of subatomic particles.  • Created wireframes and prototypes for game features such as 3D characters, game interfaces, marketplaces, the particle lab, and augmented reality.  • Coded blockchain-based utility token (CUTIE on Ethereum).  • Researched and developed utility token use/journey through our platforms.  Science Fiction Writer Scifutures 2016 to 2017 Provided near-future scenarios featuring the product or service of Global and Fortune 100 companies in the form of narrative treatments. The process included researching and extrapolating current technologies and cultural trends into possible science-fiction-based scenarios. Clients  provided a brief with delimiters and products / services to feature.    • Researched cutting-edge technologies and social trends to determine possible directions for featured product or service.  • Wrote short stories in the science-fiction genre featuring the client’s product or service. Lead Technology Specialist City of Phoenix Expertly led high-visibility, mission-critical projects for SAP system, including leading, designing, testing, and managing the first fully successful Disaster Recovery project. Directed database, Unix, and Linux system administration, as well as SAP Basis administration. Served as project lead  on all system, database, and SAP Basis administration and changes, and coordinated changes with development, users, and management teams.    • Expertly assessed targeted needs for SAP system end users via semi-structured observational interviews.  • Researched, designed, implemented, and tested the first successful disaster recovery strategy for enterprise landscapes. Manager Database Systems Promark One/IDRC - Scottsdale, AZ Played a vital role in directing all facets of database system department projects while mentoring and managing a team of associates in exceeding daily system and data integrity objectives.  Managed multiple enterprise-wide software installs/ upgrades, including applications testing and rollout plans. Recruited DBAs. Continually upheld change control policies and Service Level Agreements (SLAs) while managing all SLA standards. Cost-effectively managed department budgets to meet goals. Trained new DBAs and helpdesk on database systemfirst response.    • Perform informal focus groups for database and data warehouse end users for query and reporting needs.  • Perform think aloud and observational interviews of end users for beta installations.   • Developed ongoing quantitative system and end-user assessment reports for needs, capacity, and performance tuning.      Senior Database Administrator Choice Hotels International - Phoenix, AZ Leveraged broad scope of industry knowledge toward providing database systems administration and project-related work for IBM Informix databases. Strategically steered all senior-level IBM / Informix database administrative initiatives, including seamlessly managing the design and implementation of datawarehouses, data marts and data extraction tools to align with companywide goals.    • Performed informal focus groups to assess stakeholder needs in terms of evolving use of databases.   • Performed observational interviews to assess various database interactions with beta sites.  • Write needs assessment reports.   • Redesigned, implemented, and tested disaster recovery procedures for production databases.  • Provided comprehensive knowledge sharing and critical manuals for disaster recovery procedures.  • Evaluated system performance and developed detailed monitoring reports. Education Certificate in UX Research and Design University of Michigan 2019 PhD in Transformative Inquiry & Consciousness Studies California Institute of Integral Studies - San Francisco, CA December 2018 Master of Liberal Arts in Science and Culture: : Ethnographic study of effectiveness of mind treatments for subjects participating in Science of Mind ideology. Arizona State University 2008 BS in Industrial Technology Interactive Computer Graphics 3D Arizona State University Skills Qualitative Research Methods (2 years), Semi-structured interviews (1 year), In-Situ Observations (Less than 1 year), Participant Observations (Less than 1 year), Heuristics (5 years), Focus Groups (2 years), Storyboarding (2 years), Research (5 years), Prototyping (2 years), Wireframing (Less than 1 year), System Administration (10+ years), Databases (10+ years), Enterprise Software (10+ years), Video Editing (4 years), Video Production (4 years), Audio Editing (4 years), 3D Studio Max (2 years), Paint 3D (2 years), Management (3 years), Project Planning (5 years), Project Management (5 years), Project Development (5 years), Creative Writing (10+ years), Creative Direction (1 year), SQL, Linux, HTML, HCI, User Experience, User Research, UX, Usability Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/cynthia-vale-phd-innovation https://cutiebit.io https://ciis.academia.edu/CynthiaVale