Database Administrator <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Database Administrator - Chesapeake Bay Program Office Columbia, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Database Administrator Chesapeake Bay Program Office 2015 to Present Responsibilities    • Developing ETL tool to load large data for application development.    • Developing and implementing DBA maintenance plan.  • Developing scheduled task scripts.  • Migrating database from SQL 2008R2 to SQL 2014.  • Documenting MS SQL Server database design, implementation and configuration.  • Reviewing SSIS packages with large data sets.  • Deploying SSIS packages to production environment.  • Creating database design and development standards.  • Creating SSIS package which loads data from QAQC Excel files.  • Creating workflow diagram for business process.  • Creating multiple database Dictionary and Entity Relationship Diagram to Created multiple Database Dictionaries and Entity Relationship Diagrams using Navicat.  • Creating of MS SQL Server database devices, databases and database objects.  • Work with the customer, including product owners, subject matter experts and scientist, to provide them with data driven technical solutions.  • Preparing Data-tier application component package.  • Scripting database structure and users information for database migration.  • Monitoring jobs performance and impact.  • Scheduling and managing jobs on MS SQL Server.  • MS SQL Server performance monitoring and optimization.  • Administering NT Security for MS SQL Server.  • Managing database object permissions, user accounts and passwords.  • Configuring and auditing MS SQL Server security.  • Configuring MS SQL Server Clients.  • Daily monitoring of MS SQL Server activity, error logs, NT event logs, space usage and security.  • Setting up MS SQL Server and database configuration parameters.  • Setting up user rights integrated with Windows NT security and Active Directory.  • Updating existing appendixes.  • Implementing business rules in Database.  • Experience in both SCRUM and Kanban Agile methodologies.  • Participating in configuration management activities such as release planning and deployment management boards.  • Participating in system, load and stress testing web applications. System testing is conducted using Atlassian's Zephyr and Jira.  • Participating in database modeling as well as logical and physical designing sessions with Application and Database architects.  • Participating in the application development process and code reviews of database objects.  • Researched different methods to run stored procedures and tuned a variety of stored procedure with resulted in higher performance levels.  • Researching and comparing data reports.  • Writing stored procedures to provide customer support. This includes: writing stored procedure that runs daily to check numbers within a subset of tables and structures.  • Writing stored procedures with standard naming conventions.  • Conducting comparisons of table structures and stored procedures within development, test and production environment.    Summary -Currently working with scientific application to monitor the water quality of Chesapeake Bay Education Bachelor of Science in Applied Mathematics The George Washington University Skills DATABASE (3 years), ETL (3 years), EXTRACT, TRANSFORM, AND LOAD (3 years), MS SQL SERVER (3 years), SQL (3 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Database: SQL Server 2014/2012/2008/, MS Access 2003 & 2000  SQL Tools: Query Analyzer, Profiler, Database Mail, SQL Mail, SQL Agent  Programming: SQL, T-SQL, Store Procedures, Trigger  ETL Tools: SSIS/DTS, BCP  Reporting/Analysis Tool: SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services)  Data Modeling: SSDD (SQL Server Database Diagram), VISIO 2003/2007, Navicat  Operating System: Windows NT4.0, Windows Server 2008/2003/2000  Hardware/Storage: SAN, RAID