Oracle Database Administrator Oracle <span class="hl">Database</span> <span class="hl">Administrator</span> Oracle Database Administrator - Icreon Hyattsville, MD I have over three years of hands-on experience in Oracle Database Administration Installation, Configuration, Patch Installation, Migration, Upgrades, Backup and Recovery, Cloning, Replication, Database Security, Memory Management, Data Modelling, Performance Monitoring and Tuning, RAC, Data Guard, Grid Control, Oracle Streams. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator Icreon - New York, NY January 2016 to Present Responsibilities:  • Designed, developed and maintained UNIX shell scripts to collect and monitor database metrics and Statspack snapshots and reports.  • Utilized Grid Control to administer multi-node RAC database also managed redo and undo in the RAC environment. Load balancing of RAC instances.  • Monitoring space, wait events, locks and long operations running on the database  • Implemented RAC databases and ASM, Toad. Logical and physical data modeling using XXXrwin tool and Demonstrated experience translating logical models into physical models, Database design in a multi-terabyte Data Warehouse environment.  • Supporting day-to-day Database administration activities like creating databases, troubleshooting tablespace issue, mount point space issue, high CPU utilization, locking/blocking sessions.  • Perform Primary/Standby database switch over/fail over using Flashback option.  • Performance Tuning Experience - AWR, ADDM, ASH, SQL Tuning Advisors, STATSPACK, EXPLAIN PLAN, SQL Trace with TKPROF, Toad.  • Monitoring the session waits for the database performance and resolving the performance issues.  • Monitoring the database for growth and added space to the table spaces as per demand.  • Generating AWR/statspack reports on regular basis to identify the database performance at peak load.  • Tuning the SQL statement by analyzing the explain plan and ADDM reports  • Implemented scripts to monitor and get information on free space, alert log errors. Provided maintenance of user accounts, privileges, profiles and roles.  • Involved with OLTP relational databases system analysis, design, implementation and management.  • Upgrade/Migration of Databases from Oracle 9i to 10g, Cross platform migration from different platforms.  • Experienced in using 10g and 11g features Data pump, Flash-Back Recovery, AWR, ASM, ADDM, Grid Control Monitoring and Recycle Bin.  • Expert in SQL Loader, export/import and data pump to load data in to tables.  • Upgraded Oracle 10g/12C to the Oracle 11g R2 database version.  • Implement backup and recovery procedures using (RMAN) for Oracle databases and test regularly in conjunction with Operations.  • Implemented the Golden Gate Replication  • Oracle Database capacity planning, space management, storage allocation and different type of storage structure (SAN/NAS)  • Extensive experience Real application Clusters (RAC), ASM, RMAN, Data Guard and maintain Standby database.  • Data guard Broker configuration and Managing Physical Standby databases using Oracle Data guard Broker.  • GoldenGate replication implementation.  • GoldenGate Unidirectional and Bidirectional replication.  • Proficient knowledge in RMAN backup (Full, incremental and cumulative) and recovery, Incomplete recovery and disaster recovery.  • Experience on working with data guard physical/logical standby databases.  • Experience in implementation of enterprise databases on enterprise Storage Solutions using Storage area Networks (SAN) and Network attached storage (NAS).  • Documented the Standard Processes for peers to follow.  • Applying upgrade patch, maintenance and interim (opatch) patches on all the databases.  • Expert in Performance Tuning i.e. tuning applications, shared pool, I/O distribution, rollback segments, buffer cache, redo mechanisms.  • Expertise in performance-tuning, SQL tuning services with EXPLAINS PLAN, TKPROF, STATSPACK, SQL TRACE, AWR, ADDM to collect and maintain performance statistics and improve the database performance.  • Extensive knowledge of Oracle Architecture, SGA, PGA, Binary structure, Listener, TNS Names, SQL Net, V$ views, DBA views and Data Modeling, Logical and Physical databases design using tools like Erwin and Visio.  • Refreshing Dev and Test instances with data from Production on a regular basis.  • Developed PL/SQL packages, DML, DDL, Oracle tables, Stored Procedures, functions, cursors, triggers and UNIX shell scripts.  • Knowledge in Oracle Data warehouse DBA skills relating to administration and management of VLDB environments, Oracle OLTP.  • Used Data Pump for export and import. Wrote scripts for Backup of databases, maintenance of archive logs for databases. Streamlined backup procedures and implemented RMAN for backup and disaster recovery.  • Database Refreshing / Replication from production to testing using Exp/Imp.  • Created logical and physical design installed and upgraded databases.  • Experience in writing UNIX/SHELL scripts for providing the reports.  • Installed and configured Oracle 11g database on a test server using Oracle standard procedures and OFA, for performance testing and future 10g production implementation.    Environment: Oracle 10g/11g RAC/9i, VMS, Sun Solaris, Windows Server 2003, Red Hat Linux, TOAD, RMAN, SQL server, OEM. Oracle Database Administrator Cardinal Health Inc - Dublin, OH March 2014 to December 2015 Responsibilities:  • Successful in applying RDBMS patches, security patches for improving the security and functionality of the databases.  • Implemented proactive monitoring using Tuning Pack, Diagnostics Pack, and STATSPACK, SQL Trace & TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN.  • Database monitoring/maintenance, replication process and performance tuning are done using OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager).  • Monitoring and maintaining 2/3 node RAC database on Red Hat Linux. Providing support to the development team and handling release schedules.  • Implemented ASM on RAC and stand-alone databases. Managing disks and disk groups with ASM.  • Installed and administered Real Application Cluster (10g, 11g, 12C RAC) environments; adding and removing nodes to the cluster and handled performance tuning using AWR.  • Utilized Grid Control, ASM and Flashback tools to administer multi-node RAC database; also managed redo and undo in the RAC environment.  • Applied patches (PSU and CPU patches) and worked closely with Oracle to make Application environment up to date.  • Involved in writing functional specifications, translating business requirements to technical specifications, created/maintained/modified data base design document with detailed description of logical entities and physical tables.  • Automated the processes like moving files, managing alert log, efficient backup by developing UNIX scripts.  • Plan and schedule RMAN backups (hot, cold and incremental backups)  • Setup 12c Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM)  • Implemented Transparent Data Encryption (TDE) for database security.  • Involved in the installation, configuration and extended support to Oracle 11g, 10g two Node RAC (Real Application Cluster) with ASM file system on AIX platform.  • Involved in converting a single instance database to Oracle 11g, 10g RAC databases.  • Evaluated Oracle 11gR2 Golden Gate for future purposes that is for reducing the complexity involved in Oracle Streams.  • Configured Oracle Streams on Oracle 11g, 10g databases for data replication and monitored them using Grid Control.  • Automated the Data Replication process using Materialized Views for reporting databases.  • Used Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) 11g Grid Control for monitoring multiple database and notification of database alerts, and configured EM agents on multiple database servers.  • Hands on experience in troubleshooting RAC environment, using srvctl, crs_stat and crs_profile.  • Responsible for setup and implementation of 2Node RAC on IBM-AIX in log and 11gR2 using Veritas clusterserver.  • Diagnosed Oracle bugs and coordinating with Oracle support to resolve them in timely manner.  • Performed various tasks like Administering RAC using SRVCTL, Adding nodes and instances, Administering Storage Components, Parameter Management, and Configuring High Availability Features for RAC.  • Efficiently performed installation, setup and creation of four node cluster RAC with Oracle 11.2.0.3 database using GRID infrastructure with ASM file systems on RHEL 5.5.  • Maintenance of Oracle 11gR2 Real Application Cluster (RAC) Database for High Availability, Scalability and Performance by determining the best Cluster architecture, choosing the best hardware configuration for Oracle RAC.  • Successful in installation/maintenance of Physical Standby database using Oracle Data Guard for Oracle 11.2.0.3 and Oracle 10.2.0.5 RAC databases.  • Implemented switchovers on primary and standby databases as a part of planned maintenance activities.  • Implementing Datapump, conventional export/import utility of Oracle 11g, 10g for re-organizing Databases/Schemas/Tables to improve the performance.  • Used import/export utilities for cloning/migration of small sized databases and Datapump import/export to move data between 9i and 10g/11g environments.  • Installed ASM environment and migrated databases from NON-ASM to ASM.  • Used TOAD for database management.  • Made optimal use of Oracle Support in resolving the SRs.  • 24 X 7 Production & Development database support and administration.    Environment: Oracle 11.1.0.7, 10.2.0.5, IBM AIX V6.1, RHEL 5.2, RAC, ASM, RMAN, AWR, ADDM, SQL Plus, SQL*Loader, OEM, TOAD 10.0. Education Bachelor's in Financial Accounting Osun state college of technology Skills DATABASE (3 years), DATABASES (3 years), LINUX (3 years), LOADER (3 years), MAINTENANCE (3 years) Additional Information Skills Summary    • Excellent experience in managing large-scale OLTP databases 5+TB size in HA and DR setup.  • Managed 11+ TB Oracle 10g & 11g databases in Data warehousing environment.  • Solid experience in oracle database migration, upgrades, applying patch sets, code reviews, database release and deployments and data center consolidation activities. Proficient with Database Cloning, Migration, and Patching of Oracle Databases.  • Upgrade/Migration of Databases from Oracle 9i to 10g, 10g to 11g and 11g to 12c.  • Expertise in Database Space Management, Memory Tuning and Application Tuning, Expertise in troubleshooting and performance tuning. Have experience in Oracle Golden Gate 10.x, 11.x installation, Configuration, up gradation and administration.  • Configured parameters for the unidirectional, Bi-directional replication.  • Implemented both unidirectional replication as well as bi-directional replicate using Golden Gate.  • Backup of Databases (Making Backup Schedules depending upon Business Strategy: Daily Backup, weekly Backup etc.) using RMAN and other backup techniques.  • Installed Oracle 11g with ASM and OCFS2 File systems.  • Extensive Experience with RMAN Backups, Hot Backups and Logical Backups.  • Knowledge in configuring ASM (Automatic Storage Management)  • Experience in doing upgrades including maintenance & monitoring implementation.  • Provide weekly metrics to team lead for documentation on the health of Oracle databases.  • Create user accounts, unlock accounts, grant roles and privileges to users.  • Administer and execute Change Requests(CR) for Oracle Database support  • Executed and implemented user helpdesk tickets of various issues via REMEDY database from creating user accounts, read-only accounts on a database & table down to assisting them with logging into the database. Experienced in using 10g features like 10g RMAN, Data pump Flash-Back Recovery and ASM.  • Extensive experience designing and implementing backup and recovery strategy for databases using Recovery Manager (RMAN), traditional Export/ Import, Export/Import Datapump as well as conventional Hot/Cold Backups.  • Implemented various backup strategies for Large / Medium sized databases using RMAN  • Worked extensively on Cloning /Duplicate of databases using RMAN.  • Experience with various database Backup and Recovery methods like PITR, TSPITR, Export/Import and Flashback Technologies.  • Expert in delivering Oracle Database performance-tuning services for customers with EXPLAIN PLAN, TKPROF, STATSPACK, SQL TRACE, ORADEBUG, 11g OEM Grid monitoring custom scripts troubleshooting oracle databases using SQL trace utilities.  • Experience with SQL coding including DDL, DML and fine tuning those sql's for better performance.  • Planned and implemented high availability solutions such as Real Application Cluster (RAC) in Oracle 11Gr2 Grid and 10g on ASM and OCSF2 file systems.  • Extensively implemented Datapump, conventional Export/Import (Oracle 11g, 10g) for migration and logical backup of database.  • Strong skills in applying security patches (Patch set, Critical Patch Updates (CPU) / Patch Set Updates (PSU), One-off Patch) using "runInstaller" and perl based utility "opatch".  • Highly experienced in implementing Oracle's Transportable Tablespace (TTS) feature using Datapump Export/Import (Oracle 11g, 10g) allowing users to quickly move a user Tablespace across Oracle databases.  • Expertise in implementing data refreshes (at database, schema & table level) using RMAN utility and Datapump, conventional Export/Import of Oracle 11g, 10g.  • Installed, configured and maintained Physical, Logical, Active standby databases supported by Data guard on Oracle 11g, 10g RAC servers for the purpose of disaster recovery procedures.  • Configured Manager, Replicate and Extract processes and implemented unidirectional, bidirectional replication using Oracle 11g Golden Gate on RHEL 5 platform.  • UNIX Systems Administration - Database and application integration efforts. Heavy UNIX shell scripting, CRON jobs.    Technical Skills    Tuning Tools: TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, AWR and ADDM    Tools and Utilities: RMAN, OEM, SQL*Loader, EXP, IMP, Data pump,, TOAD, Oracle SQL Developer.    RDBMS: Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g    Operating Systems: HP-UX 10.x, 11.x. Sun RHEL 2.1, 3.x, 4.x, 5.x. Linux Enterprise