Actimize Analyst Actimize Analyst Fairfax, VA ? Over 9 years of experience as IT professional across banking, retail and telecom sector as Actimize Analyst, SQL DBA, Business and Data analysis.  ? 3+ yrs. of experience as Actimize developer.  ? Good working knowledge in configuring, integrating & implementing Actimize AML SAM and Credit Fraud (IFM) solutions.  ? Involved in deploying, monitoring and supporting the Analytics Intelligence Services (AIS).  ? Professional Summary  Worked closely with AML business units to understand the business requirements on AML and prioritized development efforts.  ? Conducted data mapping between source to Actimize staging layer (UDM).  ? Configured the below OOTB features of SAM & ECM modules.  ? Build & Configure new models/scenarios/ Configure Rules using AIS modeler.  ? Involved in data provisioning and analysis to Actimize SAM and identifying data gaps.  ? Experience with RCM and UDM database.  ? Experience with Linux platform and SQL development.  ? Configuration of roles and entitlements, workflows, alert types, alert views and alert displays.  ? Setting up RFI, email notifications and TIM features and Work item/Alerts consolidation.  ? Configure Cases - predefined notes, case type, workflows, case views.  ? Setting up DART & Operational dashboard for bank operations community.  ? Setting up platform lists feature in RCM.  ? Setting up policy manager with rule configuration and action.  ? Performed unit testing and conducted peer review of the code.  ? Participated in team meetings with project team on a frequent basis to provide the development status and continuously validated the requirements to ensure development is in alignment with business requirements.  ? Worked closely with PM in facilitating and coordinating with other counter-parties to resolve blockers that prevented development progress.  ? Created new automation batch jobs to trigger Actimize jobs.  ? Worked with internal teams and client resources to be able to assist in release migrations.  ? Performed regular administration activities from managing system resources, users and database to the fine-tuning level and implemented the project successfully.  ? Install and configure SQL application and database server 2000, 2005, 2008, 2012, 2014 and 2016 for development and production environment for multiple customer.  ? Worked on database maintenance, backups and recovery plans.  ? Administrator SQL server by creating user Logins with appropriate roles, granting and denying login privileges, monitor the user accounts, creation of groups, granting database and application roles to users and groups.  ? Monitor SQL error logs/schedule tasks/data activity/eliminate blocking and deadlocks/user counts and connections/locks.  ? Involved in the design, configuration and exception of daily database backups monitored and logged backup jobs, and data restoration when required. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Actimize Analyst November 2017 to Present Project Description: Implementation of Credit Fraud and integrating with 9+ source systems across geographical locations in identifying and configuring fraud rules scenarios in fraud module to safeguard customer from credit card-based fraud attacks, ensuring accuracy of card fraud detection and prevention across multiple products, channels and geography.    Responsibilities:  ? Participated in requirements gathering sessions to understand the customer challenges and detail requirements.  ? Participated in team meeting with project team on a frequent basis to provide the development status and continuously validated the requirements to ensure development is in alignment with business requirements.  ? Seeked helped from PM in facilitating and coordinating with other counter-parties to resolve blockers that prevented development progress.  ? Conducted data analysis to validate business rules and scenarios provided by the business.  ? Experience in monitoring and supporting the Actimize components like Actimize Intelligence Server (AIS) and Risk Case Manager (RCM).  ? Experience using Actimize AIS Visual Modeler to build new models/scenarios/ Configure Rules.  ? Configure Roles, Groups & Entitlements for user onboarding.  ? Configure Business Unit Hierarchies for an organization.  ? Configure work item/Alerts - workflows, alert type, workflows, alert views, alert displays and predefined notes.  ? Setting up RFI features and Work item/Alerts consolidation.  ? Configure Cases - predefined notes, case type, workflows, case views.  ? Setting up DART & On demand Reports and customized display.  ? Setting up platform lists in RCM.  ? Setting up policy manager - detection PM & Alerting PM for business detection rules and routing.  ? Build Operational/Channel system API integration with Actimize leveraging OOTB channel interfaces.  ? Performed unit testing and conducted peer review of the code.  ? Worked with internal teams and clients to be able to assist in release migrations.    Environment: Actimize IFM, Actimize Fraud, AIS Modeler, SQL database, Microsoft management studio, Putty. Actimize Analyst Actimize SAM July 2016 to November 2017 Project Description: Implementation of Actimize SAM and integrating with 16+ source systems across banks to monitor, detect and identify suspicious activities from bank transactions by configuring rules, what-if scenarios and above & below the line of thresholds within the Actimize SAM module.    Also streamline the end to end investigation process across AML operations to enable operational efficiency and reducing the compliance cost.    Responsibilities:  ? Involved in deploying, monitoring and supporting the Analytics Intelligence Services (AIS).  ? Worked closely with AML business units to understand the business requirements on AML and prioritized development efforts.  ? Conducted data mapping between source to Actimize staging layer (UDM).  ? Configured the below OOTB features of SAM & ECM modules.  ? Build & Configure new models/scenarios/ Configure Rules using AIS modeler.  ? Involved in data provisioning and analysis to Actimize SAM and identifying data gaps  ? Experience with RCM and UDM database.  ? Experience with Linux platform and SQL development.  ? Configuration of roles and entitlements, workflows, alert types, alert views and alert displays.  ? Setting up RFI, email notification and TIM features and Work item/Alerts consolidation.  ? Configure Cases - predefined notes, case type, workflows, case views.  ? Setting up DART & Operational dashboard for bank operations community.  ? Setting up platform lists feature in RCM.  ? Setting up policy manager with rule configuration and action.  ? Performed unit testing and conducted peer review of the code.  ? Participated in team meeting with project team on a frequent basis to provide the development status and continuously validated the requirements to ensure development is in alignment with business requirements.  ? Worked closely with PM in facilitating and coordinating with other counter-parties to resolve blockers that prevented development progress.  ? Created new automation batch jobs to trigger Actimize jobs.  ? Worked with internal teams and client resources to be able to assist in release migrations.    Environment: Actimize AIS, Actimize SAM, AIS Modeler, SQL database, Microsoft Management studio, Putty.exe Database Administrator Canon - Hyderabad, Telangana March 2014 to July 2016 Project Description: Canon is a retail company, as an operational MS SQL Server DBA at Canon working in a 24X7 support structure dealing with few clustered environments, high availability methodologies and Production DBA tasks such as trouble shooting connectivity issues, performance issues, with lots of spontaneous user issues and even more.    Responsibilities:  ? Providing 24*7, support for Production Environment.  ? Installation, Maintenance and Monitoring the Database software products and provided technical advice to the Application Team.  ? Implemented and Recommended High availability configurations.  ? Performed Database Backup strategy and overall other strategies as per Client requirements.  ? Managing the users including creation/alteration, granting DB roles and permissions on various Database objects.  ? Setup Database Maintenance Plans to reorganize indexes, re-indexing and update the index statistics on the production databases.  ? Monitoring of database size and disk space in Production environments.  ? Configured Transactional Replication, Log Shipping with SQL Server Management Studio as well as basic account management, troubleshooting with connectivity, security and firewall issues.  ? Worked on DMVs, Mirroring, and database snapshots.  ? Performed Production support and on Call duties and Executed change management scripts on weekly basis.    Environment: SQL Server 2008R2, Windows Server 2008, SQL Server 2012/2014/2016 Database Administrator Telstra, Victoria - AU February 2011 to February 2014 Project Description: Telstra is Australia's leading telecommunications and technology company, offering a full range of communications services and competing in all telecommunications markets in Australia we provide 18.0 million retail mobile services, 3.7 million retail fixed bundles and standalone data services and 1.7 million retail fixed standalone voice services. As an operational MS sql server DBA at canon i Performed Database Backup strategy and overall other strategies as per Client Requirements Managing the users including creation/alteration, granting DB roles and permissions on various Database Objects Setup Database Maintenance Plans to reorganize indexes, re-indexing and update the index statistics on the production databases Monitoring of database size and disk space in Production environments.    Responsibilities:  ? Day-to-day administration of live SQL Servers.  ? Managing SQL Server logins and users.  ? Managing database objects like tables, views, indexes etc.  ? Monitoring the Server for High Availability of the Servers.  ? Performed all aspect of database administration including backup recovery, Replication.  ? Implemented routine database maintenance activities, scheduled job for these activities.  ? Solving the requests raised by user support.  ? Used BCP utility to publish table output to text files.  ? Tuning slow running queries and procedures.  ? Troubleshoot performance problems and fine-tuning of databases.  ? Participate in Implementation of new releases into production.  ? Meet the SLA (Service Level Agreement) established.    Environment: SQL Server 2008R2, Windows Server 2008, SQL Server 2012 Business Analyst Telstra, Victoria - AU December 2009 to January 2011 Project Description: Telstra is Australia's leading telecommunications and technology company, offering a full range of communications services and competing in all telecommunications markets in Australia. As BA I Conducted GAP analysis to regulate the gaps &define and document business processes.    Responsibilities:  ? Created functional and non-functional requirement documents and technical specification documents and delivered within project timelines by conducting user interviews.  ? Created functional and non-functional requirement documents and technical specification documents and delivered within project timelines by conducting user interviews.  ? Conducted GAP analysis to regulate the gaps &define and document business processes.  ? Active member of Release management group in which my primary objective is to scope the requirements into various releases and baseline the requirements.  ? Met with client groups to determine User Requirements and Goals, thus converting User Requirements and Business Requirements into FRS.  ? Worked with UML to create activity diagrams and use case diagrams for better understanding of the user requirements.  ? Developed Mockup screens as per the functional requirement to turn ideas in to project code quickly.  ? Prepared & reviewed test cases based on specifications and use cases.  ? Performed Regression Testing & involved in execution of test cases as per the schedule.  ? Facilitated UAT (User Acceptance Testing) for all the converted internal systems with business users, management group and team members.    Environment: E Draw, Pencil, UML, MS Access, MS Word and MS PowerPoint. Education Bachelor's Skills DATA MIGRATION, SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER 2000, SQL, LINUX, AMAZON WEB SERVICES, HTML, XML, BCP, R2, WEB SERVICES, T-SQL, RDBMS, JAVA, IMPORT/EXPORT, LOADER