Web UI developer Web UI <span class="hl">developer</span> Web UI developer Hayward, CA UI/Web Developer with 3.5 years of extensive experience in designing User Interface applications and integration of highly transactional and scalable applications using HTML, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, JSP, AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Expert knowledge of the UI design process and deliverables throughout the development lifecycle.  • Diverse experience in the field of Web Application Development using HTML 4.0/5, CSS (2/3), XHTML, JavaScript, JQuery, JSP, AJAX, JSON, Node.js  • Experience in designing websites with W3C standards using HTML4/5, CSS2/3 to get best cross-browser user experience for long-term user retention and engagement.  • Good knowledge of the latest version of object-oriented JavaScript Libraries like Angular.js, Node.js, Bootstrap and Responsive Design.  • Experience in Creating Responsive Single Page Application by using React.  • Extensive knowledge-based in JavaScript, especially using jQuery and AJAX driven web applications.  • Strong experience in Client Side designing and validations using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Experience in Cross browser compatibility testing and intellectual challenges in User Experience (UX), Responsive Web Design and Bootstrap.  • Experienced in using Front End editors like, Notepad++, Sublime Text2 and Visual Studio Code, Atom, Codepen.  • Working experience on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes, Pseudo Elements and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  • Working knowledge of Web protocols and standards (HTTP HTML/XHTML/XHTML-MP, Web Forms, XML, XML parsers).  • Experience working with testing tools like Firebug, Firebug Lite, Chrome or safari web inspectors and IE Developer Toolbar.  • Experience in software configuration management using CVS.  • Experience using database systems SQL, MySQL, Oracle and MONGO supporting technologies like Hibernate.  • Strong communication, collaboration & team building skills with proficiency in grasping new technical concepts quickly.  • Self-starter always inclined to learn new technologies and Team Player with very good communication, organizational and interpersonal skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Web UI developer Global Payment December 2017 to June 2019 Responsibilities:  • Created proof-of-concept using responsive web design, Angular 4, HTML5 and Bootstrap4.  • Developed a website for the information security advisory department using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Goggle Sites.  • Created Responsive Single Page Application by using React, JavaScript, and HTML, CSS.  • Involved in developing applications using Angular 4, Bootstrap like Grids, Toolbars, Panels, Combo-Box and Button etc.  • Used Angular CLI to generate components, services, filters and compiled in different environments.  • Used Angular 4 Reactive forms to implement complex forms and performed the validations using Form Builder.  • Created accordions, scroll Spy using Bootstrap4 and used font-awesome icons to give a good look to the user.  • Created the shared service for the communication between different components and cross component interaction.  • Tested pages for cross-browser compatibility for Safari, Chrome, Firefox and IE by cross browser hacks and requirements. Web/UI/ Front End Developer Accenture - Chandigarh, Chandigarh September 2013 to November 2015 Environment: HTML/HTML5, CSS, SASS/LESS, Bootstrap4, JavaScript, Angular4, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Responsive Web Design, Bower, NPM, Web API, Node.JS, Visual Studio Code.  Accenture, Chandigarh, INDIA Sep 2013 - Nov 2015  Role: Web/UI/ Front End Developer  Responsibilities:  • Gathered and analyzed the requirements and converted them into User Requirement Specifications and Functional Requirement Specifications for the designers and developers to understand them as per their perspective.  • Worked in all the modules of the application which involved front- end presentation logic developed using JavaScript.  • Designed and implemented the User Interface using JavaScript, HTML5, XML, CSS3, JSP, AJAX and MySQL.  • Used HTML, CSS3 and Bootstrap to create web interfaces.  • Involved in developing payment processing using the new available JavaScript Angular.js, Node.js.  • Used the Node.js Frameworks in the development of the web applications.  • Used advanced level of HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3 and pure CSS layouts (table less layout).  • Created Images, Logos and Icons that are used across the web pages using Adobe Flash, Photoshop.  • Produced content pages with CSS3 layout and style markup presentations and also used JavaScript.  Environment: HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Illustrator, AJAX, Angular.js, Node.js, CVS, Web services, Oracle, Windows. Education Masters of Technology in Electronics and Communication in Technology Punjab Technical University 2015 to 2017 Bachelor of Technology in Electronics and Communication in Electronics and Communication Punjab Technical University 2010 to 2014 Skills UI, Front End, React, Front-End, Javascript