RPA Developer/Analyst RPA <span class="hl">Developer</span>/Analyst RPA Developer/Analyst - LSC Communications • Overall 4 years of IT experience as RPA Developer/Analyst using Automation Anywhere Enterprise tools  • Experience in software design, development, debugging, deployment, documentation and unit testing of Client-Server and Web based Applications using RPA.  • Expertise in RPA processes, including requirements gathering, solution designing, coding, testing, debugging, documentation and implementation using different tools such as Automation Anywhere  • Good working experience and understanding of Automation Anywhere capabilities, features and functionalities.  • Familiarity with Robotic Process Automation Tool Automation Anywhere to automate web applications, desktop applications, maintaining excel using Object Cloning, Image Recognition, PDF integration, OCR etc.  • Exposure in the task recording, editing, and scheduling and distribution using Automation Anywhere.  • Expertise in creating automation tasks in minutes: Record keystrokes and mouse clicks, and use easy, point and- click wizards.  • Experience in using Smart Recorder, Web Recorder, Screen Recorder to automate window applications and web applications.  • Strong expertise on various commands, String Operation, Excel and CSV commands, Error Handling, Send Email command, Delay and Wait commands, Object Cloning and Manage Web Controls, Loop Command, If command and Schedule tasks.  • Experience in problem identification and error resolution of the processes.  • Having good knowledge of Importing and exporting, backing up and restoring databases in SQL Server.  • Experience with MS Access DB, SQL scripting languages VB Script, Java Script, CSS and html.  • Experience of working as a Business Analyst with an understanding of business Process Flows, Case Tools, and business Analysis.  • Having experience in requirement gathering by conducting meetings and brainstorming sessions with senior management of the Research Group and SMEs and document them.  • Extensively worked on creation of Narrative Use Cases, Data Flow Diagrams, Activity Diagrams, Work Flow Diagrams, Sequence Diagram Process Design Document(PDD) and Solution Design Document(SDD) to define the business Process Model and Data Process Model using UML Rational tools.  • In depth knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle process which includes Agile, Waterfall methodologies.  • Having ability and desire to learn modern technologies.  • Self-motivated in project management, time-management to drive to achieve goals. Work Experience RPA Developer/Analyst LSC Communications - New York, NY October 2018 to Present The goal of the project was to count the total number of invoices coming in everyday from different plants in the company and prepare an excel sheet from the information collected.  Responsibilities:  • Implemented End to End Robotic Process Automation using Automation Anywhere tool.  • Developed Bots using Automation Anywhere to automate process which was done using manual interference.  • Worked closely with solution architect to prepare Process Definition Document (PDD) and Solution Design Document (SDD).  • Experience in creation, development, refinement and maintenance of an ongoing automated management information Reporting of Automation Anywhere processes in Excel  • Providing necessary input/guidance to offshore team in developing the bots  • Automated tasks using web recorder and Scheduled tasks to repeat as per requirements  • Experience in creation, development, refinement and maintenance of an ongoing automated management information Reporting of Automation Anywhere processes in MS Access and Excel  • Identifying and debugging the errors using Error Handlers.  • Worked on using Excel, Loop, If/Else command, Variable Operation, Message box, Database commands.  • Experience in using Delay and Wait commands with Automation Anywhere.  • Worked on Activities using Object Cloning and Manage Web Controls.  • Automated tasks using web recorder and Scheduled tasks to repeat as per requirements using Automation Anywhere.  • Worked with Automation Anywhere to automate web applications, desktop application, maintaining excel.    Environment: Automation Anywhere 10.7, ASP.NET, C#, VBScript 5.6, REST Services, MS Excel, Oracle 11g, Excel Macros, JIRA, Agile/Scrum. RPA Developer/Analyst Crypto Asset Rating Incorporation January 2018 to September 2018 The goal of the project was to collect and consolidate data coming in from various clients and upload it on FTP Server.  Responsibilities:    • Followed Agile/SCRUM methodologies for project development.  • Performed Automation Pipeline, Feasibility Analysis, ROI Analysis in discovery phase.  • Created solutions design document(SDD) and process design document(PDD) to automate manual process using Automation Anywhere platform.  • Worked on Automation Anywhere Control Room that enables you to deploy, schedule, monitor and manage Robots and processes, while business exception handling is available through centralized work queues.  • Worked on scheduling, triggering the bots, and generating ROI reports.  • Developed the reusable Meta bots according to the requirement to leverage in other processes in Automation Anywhere.  • Involved in using Send Email command to Email reports and errors.  • Actively participating in test plan presentation, validating the client requirement and identifying the various scenarios for automation development.  • Created Schedule, Triggers, XML Commands and Error handling commands.  • Used the Automation Anywhere Object Recorder to manage and execute Windows controls as a background process and automated routine backups and file management tasks.  • Worked with various actions like Conditions, Loops, User prompts, Error Logging and Commands like Object Cloning, etc., for coding the automation process.  • Worked on Logging into websites, searching websites, submitting web forms, or updating records on website.  • Creation of use case scenarios and documented work flow and business process.    Environment: Automation Anywhere 11.3, XML, REST Services, XML, CSS3, C#, SQL Server 2014, VB Script 5.8, MSOffice 2016/2019, Macros. RPA Developer/Analyst (Automation Anywhere) Steadfast Communications - IN November 2016 to July 2017 The goal of the project was collecting and consolidating data from multiple client phone systems and uploading the data onto an FTP server for backup.  Responsibilities:  • Identified task for Automation so to reduce time on Manual execution.  • Worked closely with product owners to understand the business cases and convert into to requirements.  • Worked closely with solution architect to prepare Process Definition Document (PDD) and Solution Design Document (SDD).  • Used Manage window controls, web recording & object cloning to maximum extent to capture objects to automate tasks effectively.  • Worked with various operations like Loops, if/else, variable operation, string operation, system variables are used in each step for building logics as an integral part of automating tasks.  • Experience in creation, development, refinement and maintenance of an ongoing automated management information Reporting of Automation Anywhere processes in MS Access and Excel.  • Use the Automation Anywhere Object Recorder to manage and execute windows controls.  • Used Database commands with SQL queries and worked with FTP server command.    Environment: Automation Anywhere 10.7, XML, Soap UI 5.3, XML, CSS3, MS SQL Server 2014, VB Script 5.6, MS Office 2016/2019 Excel, Macros, Mainframes, Agile/Scrum. Front End Developer Fingent - IN May 2015 to October 2016 The goal of the project was to create an event website which had details of the events being organized at the event and maintain it on the database.  Responsibilities:  • Implemented complete SDLC including Analysis, Design, Implementation, Testing and Maintenance.  • Took charge of existing web applications, enhancing their design and functionality  • Create website layout/user interface by using standard HTML/CSS practices  • Cooperate with web designers to match visual design intent  • Effectively used String Commands, HTML commands, Loops for performing various function  • Used Web Services for data transfer to store data in the Database.  • Developed customizable interface for the clients-employees using XML and transformed to HTML.  • Performed debugging and exception handling in support to the software development.  • Technologies used HTML, JavaScript, XML, SQL Queries Apache server form the XAMP.    Environment: Automation anywhere, HTML 5, XML, CSS3, SQL Server 2012, MYSQL 5.7, Bootstrap4, PHP 7, JavaScript ES5, Web services, Visual Studio 2010. Skills SQL SERVER, ORACLE, SQL, VISUAL STUDIO, C#, C++, JAVASCRIPT, PHP, PYTHON, VBSCRIPT, XML, AJAX, ASP.NET, HTML5, SOAP, SQL SERVER REPORTING SERVICES, LINUX Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Automation Anywhere 10.7 and 11.3, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript ES5, Bootstrap4, ASP.NET, PHP 7, AJAX, XML, VBScript 5.6, Soap UI 5.4, C, C++, JAVA 8, Python PyCharm 3, jQuery 3.1, C#, JSON, C, C++, JAVA 8, Python PyCharm 3, jQuery 3.1, C#, JSON, Visual Studio, Eclipse, MYSQL5.7, SQL Server 2014, Oracle 11g, SQL Server Reporting Services, Waterfall, Agile, Windows, Linux