Automation QA Engineer Automation QA Engineer Automation QA Engineer - Konica Minolta Business Solutions Plainville, CT • Over 4 years of experience in Web-based and Mobile-based automation and manual applications testing.  • Well versed in functional, system integration, performance, data integrity, GUI, usability, localization, browser compatibility, exploratory testing, negative, regression and user acceptance testing, using numerous manual and automation tools.  • Extensive knowledge in creating automation framework (Page Object Model) using Java, Maven and TestNG.  • Exceptional ability in creating API automation test suites.  • Proficient in creating CI process (Jenkins).  • Experience in Database testing. Work Experience Automation QA Engineer Konica Minolta Business Solutions - Windsor, CT November 2018 to Present • Creating QA test framework and configuring software testing tools (Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Maven) using Java. Created solid test coverage for Angular application with dynamic web-elements. Translate business requirements and manual test cases into automation tests.  • Configure and support CI model using Jenkins.  • Cross-browser automation testing in Sauce Labs.  • Analyzing logs, screenshots and output of daily regression tests.  • Maintaining QA equipment and prepare QA test environment (QA Lab).  • Working with multiple network operating systems (Microsoft, Apple, Linux) and protocols.  • Conduct Training on software applications developed by SEC.  • Conduct research and generate reports based on findings.  • Working with application developers, project managers, technical writers to collect all information necessary to create effective QA Test Plans. Automation QA Engineer Techno Pointer - San Francisco, CA July 2016 to November 2018 remote)    • Extensively worked in Regression testing using Selenium Web Driver and TestNG.  • Created, updated and configured Selenium Web-Driver (Page Object Model)  • Increased automation UI test coverage.  • Executed Selenium Grid automation tests in Docker containers.  • Jenkins CI integration.  • Developed test scripts to identify web elements through locators using FireBug and FirePath plugins.  • Created test approach and test cases for logging module.  • Reviewed and analyzed existing test scripts.  • Analyzed test results, tracked the defects and generated reports using JIRA.  • Prepared the data to cover various scenarios and wrote SQL scripts to verify the database updates, inserts and deletion of the records. Front- End Developer/ QA Krion LLC August 2015 to July 2016 • Maintained existing website, updated product description information, client support.  • Participated in creating fresh QA team, interviewed QA testers, set up the QA Environment.  • Participating in first implementation Agile, Scrum methodology in a work process, attending daily meetings.  • Writing and reviewing documentation, creating test plans and test scenarios, reviewing reports.  • Working with QA team members to reach the best quality assurance experience. Education Certificate John Hopkins University Alfred Nobel Economics and Law University Skills Jira, Junit, Selenium, Selenium grid, Selenium webdriver, Java, QA, Test Automation, API