DevOps ( Front End Developer) DevOps (<span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span>) Software Engineer Orlando, FL Work Experience DevOps ( Front End Developer) GreenMile - Orlando, FL April 2019 to Present • Develops GIS applications using OpenLayers and/or ESRI’s API.    • Performs new application coding, and testing for GIS visualization of property, permits, inspection and personal property data.    • Modifies existing code to improve performance and functionality.     • Assists clients with creating map services for our systems.    • Performs server and network systems administration and database administration for  internal company infrastructure including installation of ESRI GIS systems.    • Provides technical support to the customer service team.    • Coordinates software system installation and deployments.    • Participates in project management discussions with internal team and client teams.    • Develops and directs software system testing and validation procedures, programming and documentation.    • Utilize JavaScript/HTML5/CSS3. Google and various API libraries to create a useful repository of application data.    • Develop web applications with JavaScript, CSS, and HTML5 programming languages along with React and Angular frameworks.    • Develop applications using APIs (JavaScript, REST, Node.Js) Information Assurance ( Front End Web Developer) Lockheed Martin November 2017 to April 2019 • Use JavaScript, Angular, Node, React, SQL to maintain, develop, and deploy SecureNet Web Application.  • 4 years using Javascript extensively  • Gather software requirements from internal operations  • Experience providing in-person technical presentations and training  • Architect, develop and implement software systems  • Design and implement databases, and applications according to best practices and coding standards  • Resolve and troubleshoot to small and complex issues  • Work closely with clients in identifying scope and estimating projects  • Gathers and documents requirements and technical specifications  • Experience working in Government or D.o.D. space  • Knowledge of LM Corporate policies, Applications and Web Services, Security Risk  • Experience using Crystal Reports or other enterprise reporting solutions, including report creation and modification.  • Understanding of relational databases such as MS SQL.  • Experience with providing technical support. (software support, installations, upgrades, troubleshooting, and maintenance, experience with SQL scripting and SQL database)  • Knowledge of Linux and/or UNIX systems and architectures  • Proven analytical and trouble shooting skills demonstrated by related work experience  • Proven team leadership abilities  • Demonstrated organizational skills with a process focus understanding and familiarity with information security practices  • Strong, hands-on experience supporting VPN technologies.  • Knowledge of DFARS Cyber Provisions including National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Special Publication 800-171  • Working Knowledge of MFC Programs and Facilities Network Engineer Westgate Resorts - Orlando, FL June 2017 to November 2017 • Provide network support consisting of integration, engineering, operations, and maintenance of the communication systems supporting all Westgate resorts, corporate offices and call centers.   • Troubleshoot IP LAN/WAN networks, IP multicast systems, and VoIP networks.  • Monitor and test network performance and uptime, and provide network performance statistics and reports.   • Design, setup and configure wireless networking.   • Analyze, troubleshoot, and maintain network systems not already supported, to include troubleshooting LAN/WAN communications operations and supporting both Microsoft Windows and Unix/Linux operating systems; adhere classification levels of PCI compliant networks; virtualized server systems/workstations (both thin and zero-client); and datacenter architectures.   • Proficient understanding of programming Cisco, Hewlett Packard and Dell switches, load balancers and routers.   • Troubleshoot network using CLI and PowerShell scripts.   • Install and manage Aruba and Ruckus Access Point systems.  • Configure and maintain Ruckus Smart Zone and Zone Director controllers.  • Implement Palo Alto, Smooth Wall and Cyberoam firewall systems.  • Diagnose and document health of corporate and guest networks daily. System Administrator Angle IT Solutions - Orlando, FL April 2016 to June 2017 • Managed and maintained multi-site IT network and system infrastructure environments. I was responsible for over 1500 users using Windows Server 2008 R2, 2012, 2016, Office 365 & Exchange Server 2007/2010/2013, Google Suites, Google Domain Services, and Linux Untangle. Configured Vmware ESXi along with vCenter Server 5.0 to establish and create virtual servers, environments, networks and switches, use PowerShell on a daily basis to diagnose and lock down user PC’s.  • Identify and configure TCP/IP amongst all devices and networks. Perform maintenance and installation of network switches, Ubiquiti Unifi AP infrastructure installation and maintenance, domain servers, network camera systems, corporate level network printers, configure Brother and Ricoh/Lanier network printers, fiber optics connections, firewall switches including Cyberoam switches and domain antivirus agents including Kaspersky and ESET AV services, phone servers involving Allworxs/Cudatel PBX & services, bell systems using Valcom software and hardware, Northern and Truvision DVR and NVR systems, network alarm systems   • Identified 20+ vulnerabilities by testing infrastructure security, using both automated tools and manual testing.   • Responsible for organization's websites and helpdesk monitoring. Document effective troubleshooting techniques for all technicians and employees   • Work with company management and finance advisors planning IT equipment budget. Use MYSQL and Microsoft SQL Server along with finance department   • Secure credential and password integrity across all sites. Inventory all IT assets amongst all builds and sites. IT Technician Bags Inc - Orlando, FL January 2014 to April 2015 · Performed troubleshooting, repair, and maintenance of computer systems, hardware, peripherals, and telephony. Analyzed system requirements to efficiently separate and resolve a wide range of technical issues. Lead and participated in large-scale upgrades and installations.   · Comply within PC System refreshes in accordance with company and program policies. Assist in maintenance of company servers and networks using Windows Server and Linux. Secured high end credentials used by company.   · Performed installs, moves, & add-ons for constantly changing PC equipment and peripherals. Provide support for Windows Desktops and iOS, Google Devices & Android Mobiles   · Inventory and monitor all company assets. Be in compliance with inventory status on day to day basis through asset tag system   · Design company databases using MYSQL. Established security and antivirus software and peripheral/ troubleshoot video camera systems across Orlando.   · Monitor and maintain Helpdesk ticketing system. Develop and offer assistance to projects around other IT employees. Perform under fast paced customer & hospitality intensive environments.   · Acquired TSA clearance for MCO RSF badge to access high-level airline infrastructure. Maintain workstations responsible for remote airline check-in, managing and delivering luggage.   · Demonstrated strong and effective Customer Care and desk-side support skills and experience. Documented troubleshooting steps and processes   · Provide end user support to entire company at every operation all across the U.S. Communicate and elaborate on technical issues to high level executives within and outside of company Education Master's in Information Assurance/Cybersecurity Nova Southeastern University - Fort Lauderdale, FL July 2019 to Present Bachelor's in Information Technology and Sociology GIS University of Central Florida - Orlando, FL 2013 to 2019 Skills JAVASCRIPT (6 years), LINUX (5 years), MYSQL (5 years), R2 (5 years), SAP (3 years), Angular (3 years), React (3 years), MongoDB (3 years), Express (3 years), NodeJs (3 years), Front End (5 years), UI (5 years), Front-End (5 years), Angularjs (2 years), User Interface, Jquery, Java, HTML5 Certifications/Licenses Geographic Infomation Systems UCF May 2019 to Present Certification on usage of ArcGIS platform and software to create, develop and manipulate spatial data to create real world applications. Additional Information SKILLS    Programming Languages & Certs  • C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Angular 2-6, Node, React, HTML 5, CSS, SQL, MYSQL, Mongo, Express, Swift, Objective-C, Python, VMware, PowerShell & Command Prompt    Geographic Information Systems Certification UCF (GIS)     • Angular 6 (formerly Angular 2) - The Complete Guide Certification (Maximilian Schwarzmuller)    • Angular ( Full App) with Angular Material, Angularfire, Material Certification (Maximilian Schwarzmuller)    • Angular & NodeJS - The MEAN Stack Guide Certification (Maximilian Schwarzmuller)    Servers/OS & Certs  • Windows XP, Vista, 7, 8, 10, Windows Server 2003, 2008 R2, 2012, 2016  • Linux Untangle, Linux Ubuntu, Elementary OS, Red Hat, Cent OS  • Mac OSX 10.5 "Leopard" - OSX 10.12 "Sierra"  • Active Directory, DNS, Windows Security, DHCP, TCP/IP, and Group Policies,    • CCNA