Web Development Internship Web Development Internship Front End Web Developer Portland, OR Junior web developer transitioning from a teaching background in High School Social Studies. Looking forward to utilizing well-honed editing skills to write clean code. Enthused to use creative problem solving & planning skills on new web projects alongside talented teammates. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Web Development Internship iVET360 - Portland, OR June 2019 to July 2019 ? Dynamically refactored two different website templates to optimize performance and to reflect the changing desires of iVET360 clients. Used Wordpress, PHP, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery.  ? Utilized skills developed at Epicodus to make the websites run noticeably faster, with cross-browser compatibility, and with cleaner code to make for a much improved user experience.  ? Established a professional rapport with my supervisors that enabled us to have an excellent working relationship, making it easy to adjust & implement frequently requested site changes with an eye to enabling future self-service. Front End Developer Student Epicodus - Portland, OR January 2019 to July 2019 Practiced pair programming and prototyping at the workstation every day for six months. Brainstormed with peers and instructors in a professional and supportive manner. Contributed to multiple design projects and team efforts.  ? Javascript : React, Redux, jQuery, Angular, Typescript, APIs, ES5 & ES6.  ? UX/UI : Sketch, CSS3, Sass, CSS Grid, CSS Flexbox, Responsive design.  ? Other : Git, WordPress CMS, PHP, Eslint, Jasmine, Karma, GitHub, Webpack, Postman, SEO optimization, cross-browser compatibility. Tutor Huntington Learning Center July 2016 to May 2018 Substitute Teacher EMS Subdesk - Portland, OR December 2015 to May 2018 ? Assisted across 4 school districts in filling teacher positions and helping after school where possible.  ? Practiced effective classroom management with students of all ages (primary through secondary), in class sizes ranging from 20-100 kids, and repeatedly succeeded in motivating them to learn.  ? Confronted scenarios where I needed to improvise lessons with which to engage students when teachers left classwork that was either insufficient to fill up a period or absent entirely. Education MA in Education in Education Portland State University July 2012 to July 2014 BA in International Relations in International Relations University of Puget Sound September 2004 to July 2008 Skills Javascript, Angular, HTML5, Jquery, Wordpress, PHP, Editing, Search Engine Optimization, Responsive Web Design, User Experience Design, Microsoft Office, CSS, React, ESLint, Redux, Webpack, Git, Pair Programming Links https://github.com/iancookwestgate https://www.linkedin.com/in/ian-cook-westgate/