Senior Advisor Senior Advisor Front End Developer with focus on customer service Austin, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Advisor General Motors - Austin, TX July 2019 to Present •Worked on more than 60+ cases to resolve for customers and dealerships.    •Made outbound calls/Email to Customers and Dealerships following GM policy to determine case by case final resolution.    •Provided customers with information about Warranties and Financial support for repairs. Front End Developer Rand Capital - Austin, TX November 2018 to Present 669) 213-8938 Team.  Developed landing pages, dashboards and online  E-mail  applications using Javascript, Angular and Jquery.  heshama.abdalla@gmail.com  Designed, implemented and monitored web pages  LinkedIn and sites for continuous improvement.  www.linkedin.com/in Tech Support General Motors - Austin, TX March 2019 to July 2019 •Received inbound calls from customer all over the USA including Canada.    •Supported more than 200+ OnStar customers each day with GM internal tools to diagnose and solve problems professionally and timely manner.    •Solved technical issue ( WIFI, Bluetooth, Hands Free calling, Signal withdraws, Emergency requests).    •Made sales for WIFI packages and Hands free calling Minutes to GM customers. Full Stack Developer Pre-Rec, Inc - New York, NY July 2018 to July 2018 Presented drawings to project managers and incorporated recommended changes.  Drove reliability and profitability through introduction of recommending system.  Performed analysis on landing page technical  designs and prototypes in development stage.  Kept project on schedule and within budget while serving as project scrum master. Front End Developer Numie 2017 to July 2017 Numie, Remote  Worked in Agile-driven environment to effectively  maintain project timelines and utilize available  resources.  Designed and updated layouts to meet usability and performance requirements.  Produced websites compatible with multiple  browsers.  Consulted with customers to gather requirements and discuss design choices. Full Stack Engineer Los Altos Dental Care - Los Altos, CA 2016 to February 2017 Developed and implemented process flow  improvement and standardization projects.  Launched 4 new website and blogs incorporating the latest social media applications  Managed multiple projects with a team of backend  engineers and QA from planning to the website  launch Web Developer ChangeForge - San Francisco, CA 2016 to October 2016 Designed sites to be compatible with top browsers, including Firefox, Chrome and Safari.  Analyzed requirements and designed, developed and implemented software applications for multiple  websites. Full Stack Web Developer Coding Dojo - Silicon Valley, CA 2015 to June 2016 Developed applications in various stacks LAMP, RUBY  ON RAILS, MEAN  Collaborated, worked in variety of projects on daily  basis including mentoring Content Review Specialist Google - Mountain View, CA 2014 to March 2015 Managed quality assurance program including on site evaluations, internal audits and customer surveys.  Participate in day to day operations supporting a multinational tech company's social media product  Collaborate with various cross functional teams to ensure curated content meets team goals  Attain daily productivity goals while maintaining  quality standards  Worked in fast-paced, goal oriented team Web Search Specialist Yahoo - Sunnyvale, CA 2013 to January 2014 • Moderated the gaming community in forums, games, and social media  • Mediated complaints when players had issues and identified/reported bugs  • Made suggestions to improve the game with regard to design, UI, and UX Education Associate Skills UI, Front-End, React, Javascript