Front End Engineer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> Engineer Full Stack Developer New York, NY Work Experience Front End Engineer J. Crew Group, Inc. - New York, NY December 2018 to Present Upgraded website sections of J.Crew's legacy web stack towards a Single-page application (SPA) that  includes React.Js, Next.Js, SASS preprocessor leading to a higher user page visits and proper fluid page  design match.  ? Responsible in mentoring user accessibility and setting integration of web accessibility standards  (WCAG 2.0 AA) on majority of J.Crew and Factory J.Crew webpages leading to higher developer  awareness, SEO performance increase and reduction/prevention of litigation to the company.  ? Currently working to update user checkout experience, using Apollo JS and GraphQL, for increased  conversion of sales and a seamless user experience from checkout to order confirmation. Freelance Web Developer eloydev.com - Atlanta, GA January 2016 to Present Freelance practice creating web presences for small businesses that require higher online business  visibility, users visit and customer conversions. (SEO, HTML5 / JS, multiple CMSs, Gatsby.js) Web Developer genconnectU - New York, NY July 2018 to October 2018 Contract role as single web developer to assist and deliver a course learning website with integration  of Thinkific (LMS). (Javascript, HTML5/CSS, Liquid Template, jQuery)  ? Redesigned front- end and drastically enhanced web page performance of previously dated and low-performing website improving visitor attainment, brand confidence and sales of online courses. Junior Web Developer Mount Sinai Health System - New York, NY November 2016 to June 2018 Junior developer helping senior web developer with front- end bug issues, designs and QA for high-converting pages of hospital and university. (MySQL, PHP, HTML5/JS, Handlebars)  ? Created and supported multi-site WordPress instances for important leadership by developing new  features, resolving CMS errors and troubleshoot publishing issues that led to a reduction of increasing  user training and user input errors of internal third-party proprietary CMS. Education A.A.S in Computer Networking in Computer Networking Atlanta Technical College - Atlanta, GA August 2014 to December 2016 Skills HTML 5 (3 years), Javascript (3 years), CSS3 (3 years), Web Development (3 years), Mobile (2 years), Wordpress (2 years) Links http://www.eloydev.com https://github.com/eloyce