Front End Web Developer - Remote <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> - Remote Allen, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Web Developer - Remote Zingerman's Mail Order - Ann Arbor, MI August 2019 to Present Maintain and support Zingerman Mail Order’s custom-built ecommerce website (www.zingermans.com) built on .NET platform using MVC pattern. Mobile Optimize the website which accounts for $16 million in sales each year. Understand the sales, principles and vision of Zingermans model of business by attending specially organized seminars and classes.  Responsibilities:    ?     Using Azure DevOps board to work on the tickets for maintenance and support of the website.  ?     Creating dynamic webpages using C#, HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  ?     Responsible for Mobile Optimizing the website and creating new Mobile adaptive web pages using Bootstrap.  ?     Cross-browser and Cross-device testing of the new features or changes implemented in the dynamic website using various test scenarios in the internal test site before launching Live every other week.  ?     Attend weekly Development team meetings to report and discuss the status of the project items.  ?     Create weekly Google analytics report for the Management to analyze the sales and website traffic.   ?     Attend Special classes to understand the Zingerman’s business model which uses Toyota’s Lean principle. Front End Web Developer - Part time Zingerman's Mail Order - Ann Arbor, MI January 2019 to Present Maintain and support Zingerman Mail Order’s custom-built ecommerce website (www.zingermans.com) built on .NET platform using MVC pattern. Mobile Optimize the website which accounts for $16 million in sales each year. Understand the sales, principles and vision of Zingermans model of business by attending specially organized seminars and classes.  Responsibilities:    ?     Using Azure DevOps board to work on the tickets for maintenance and support of the website.  ?     Creating dynamic webpages using C#, HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  ?     Responsible for Mobile Optimizing the website and creating new Mobile adaptive web pages using Bootstrap.  ?     Cross-browser and Cross-device testing of the new features or changes implemented in the dynamic website using various test scenarios in the internal test site before launching Live every other week.  ?     Attend weekly Development team meetings to report and discuss the status of the project items.  ?     Create weekly Google analytics report for the Management to analyze the sales and website traffic.   ?     Attend Special classes to understand the Zingerman’s business model which uses Toyota’s Lean principle. Web specialist S & F Corp - Woodbury, MN November 2013 to October 2014 Develop and maintain Wordpress and Magento driven websites, customize codes accordingly for mobile sites. Also worked on product listings and pricing on ecommerce websites. Used google analytics to track the International website traffic and create custom report for review.    Responsibilities:    ?     Co-Develop new desktop and mobile website for the company’s product brands.  ?     Maintain and test Magento and Wordpress driven websites for cross-browser compatibility.  ?     Create Product page template for desktop and Mobile sites.  ?     Create and publish product listing across various ecommerce website like eBay, Amazon US, Amazon UK.  ?     Create Monthly Google analytics report for the Management to analyze website traffic.   ?     Use keywords in product Title and description to increase website traffic. Front end Web Developer E-Digita Inc - Saint Paul, MN May 2013 to July 2013 Develop and support Custom CMS and Wordpress driven websites. Focus on usability and best practices creative skills to translate technical requirements, mock-ups and wire-frames into workable website with a variety of clients.    Responsibilities:    ?     Taking designs and turning them into fully functional, standards compliant, cross-browser HTML templates.  ?     Responsible for design, site structure (information architecture), and maintenance of existing sites.  ?     Use of CSS and JavaScript including jQuery to enhance user experience.  ?     Integration into custom CMS and testing the websites for browser compatibility, accessibility, and search engine optimization. IT Analyst 3M - Maplewood, MN December 2012 to March 2013 Develop new Multi-locale websites and maintain existing websites for Healthcare division in the e-business group of 3M in a team adapting Agile environment. Develop mobile sites and websites Responsive to different devices. Also develop landing pages to increase the traffic to the websites with adherence to Corporate Standards.    Responsibilities:    ?     To develop Webpages according to business specifications for Healthcare division such as ESPE Dental, Skin and Wound Care and replicate them to different regions and locales across the world.   ?     Create the Website Framework in Web portal server and adding content using Fatwire Content Server Assets.   ?     Worked in a team that developed new Mobile-site for ESPE Dental which is a part of 3M Healthcare division using JQuery Mobile theme.  ?     Convert PSDs to HTML templates. Code and test the webpages across browsers. Publish Web pages to go Live in Solutions once approved from the business, by work-flowing the Content Server Assets and performing Portal publish.  ?     Interact with business on a regular basis to update the progress of each project and attend daily stand-ups to discuss on the status of requests and on new projects/request.  ?      Underwent training to develop websites for MLR (Multi-Locale Replication) and to use Corporate components. Web Analyst Scope E-Knowledge - Chennai, Tamil Nadu July 2004 to February 2005 To provide standards, regulatory, product & supplier information on web which helps various industries in construction, engineering, aerospace across the world.    Responsibilities:    ?     Worked as a team to Create Search-engine Optimized Website following Company standards that involved coding and styling of webpages.  ?     Responsible for implementing quality control process, Cost per click (CPC) determination and keyword analysis on Meta tags for SEO.  ?      Used Adwords, Tracking codes in web pages as a part of SEO strategy.   ?     Adding Web pages with Promotional offers for products as per Client requirement to keep pace with the outside market.  ?     To update status of the Project through email, phone calls and web-meetings with the client onsite and implement their changing requirements. Technical Analyst Domex Technical Info - Chennai, Tamil Nadu June 2002 to April 2004 To data Abstract, review, edit and upload patent document on web, which help researchers and associates in various domain to refer patent/technical documents.    Responsibilities:    ?     To index electrical, electronic, mechanical product catalogues of UK & US- based companies.   ?     Prepare knowledge transfer documents as per standards defined by client. Impart training to new joiners in indexing.  ?     Production support member, in indexing team. Handling tickets interact with users and resolve issues as per SLA. Education Bachelors of Engineering in Electrical & Electronics Madras University - Chennai, Tamil Nadu 1998 to 2002 Skills FRONT-END (2 years), HTML (2 years), JAVASCRIPT, PHP, Microsoft Office (1 year), Wordpress (1 year), Front End, Jquery, CSS3, ASP.net (Less than 1 year), C# (Less than 1 year), SVN (Less than 1 year), Bootstrap Additional Information Expertise Summary    Creative and motivated analyst with strong analytical skills, experience working for clients across different businesses. Expertise in mapping business process, identifying gaps and develop business case. Proficient in web development with cross-browser capabilities. Strong knowledge in Front- End programming languages. Good working knowledge of responsive web design and mobile sites.    Technical Skills:    Programming                : HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, XML, PHP, SQL  CMS                              :  Fatwire Content Server, WordPress, Magento  Visual Development Tool:  Adobe Dreamweaver  Image Editor                    : Adobe Photoshop  Others                             :  Microsoft Office suite, Git, SEO Tools, Google  Analytics