SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER SENIOR <span class="hl">SOFTWARE</span> ENGINEER SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER - Core Banking, Online Banking, Mobile Banking US • 5+ Years of industrial experience in Java/JEE enterprise application design and development with technologies like Spring MVC/Spring Boot ,Hibernate with JPA ,EJB,CDI,SOA(WebServices ,Microservices)  • Vast Experience in Banking Domain(Core Banking, Online Banking, Mobile Banking), Accounting  • Hands on experience in JDBC, Object-Relational mapping using Hibernate. Sound knowledge in relational databases like Oracle, MySQL and MS SQL, Postgresql  • Strong Knowledge of AWS, Dockers, application generator software(JHipster,AppUse)  • Hands on experience with test management tools ( SonarQube, Gatling , jmeter) ,and application servers and Webs Servers (Wildfly, WebLogic,Tomcat server, Glass fish)  • Strong Knowledge of Object Oriented Analysis and Design (OOAD), UML, Design patterns (GOF,JEE,Microservices patterns), Service Oriented Architecture (SOA), SOLID principles , Aspect Oriented Programming (AOP)  • Rich experience and practices with Maven, Ant and SVN, GIT and CI/CD pipe line technologies like Jenkins  • Extensive knowledge in software engineering processes and methodologies like Agile, TDD and DevOps  • BEng. (Engineering) (Hon's) in computer science & Engineering with strong mathematical background and analytical skills.  • Proactive team player with strong communication, planning and forecasting skills.  • Vast experience in international projects with multicultural clients. Engaged often for handling critical software developments, deliveries with post production maintenance and enhancements.    Skills and Technical Stack    Domain Tier Banking Domain(Core Banking, Online Banking, Mobile Banking), Accounting  Business Tier Core Java ,JEE(EJB ,CDI, JNDI), Web services(REST ,SOAP) ,Microservices , Spring MVC/Spring Boot  Server Presentation Tier JavaScript, jQuery, Backbone Js, AngularJs, AJAX, XML, JSON, HTML, CSS, Responsive Web design with bootstrap  Database Tier  Concepts & Design    Oracle, MySQL,HSQLDB, ORM (JPA/Hibernate) , SQL,PL/SQL JDBC ,FireBase Database  Service Oriented Architecture(SOA), Microservices, Design patterns(GOF,JEE,MS Patterns), UML, SDLC,OOP, OOAD, SOLID, Reflections, RESTful API, MVC    Application Services Processes Wildfly 13, WebLogic 12.2, Apache Tomcat, Glass fish  Source Control/CICD Test management SVN, GIT, Maven, Jenkins,Docker, SonarQube, Gatling , jmeter JUnit,Log4J,,FireBug, Mockito, Developer Tools, Selenium  TOOLS  IntelliJ, Eclipse, STS (Spring Tool Suit) ,JHipster, Appfuse, SQL Workbench / Navigator , Azure Data Studio,SQL developer tool(Oracle databses), Visual Studio , WebStrome IDEA , Swagger Tools    Environments Linux, Windows Work Experience SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER Core Banking, Online Banking, Mobile Banking 2019 to Present Domain - Banking (Core Banking, Online Banking, Mobile Banking) , Accounting    Role:  As a Back-end Lead Developer    • High-level Designing - participate in requirement and design reviews and prepare necessary low and high level artifacts and diagram in order to develop the solution  • Software Development - develop functions of medium to high complexity using a designated programming language , follow technical standards , participated in knowledge transfer session  • Testing and code review - perform testing , code reviews , fix defects on the developed functioned  • Documentation - Develop documentation according to company defined standards in order to meet project requirement  • Support and maintenance -Analyze ,provide on-call support, resolve support request , fix defect analyze and, implement change request ,test change request within stipulated times  • New product component development - Design , develop and test reusable components in order to reduce effort on future project  • Lead a small team - Lead a small team consisting of maximum of 2 developers  • Conduct technical session - Conduct technical session on relevant technologies in order to improve the knowledge of technical staff  • Mentoring - Provide guidance on technical areas to associate solution developers in order to develop their technical skills. (code reviews , feedback , training ) SOFTWARE ENGINEER Epic Lanka (PVT) LTD 2018 to 2019 Domain - Banking (Core Banking, Online Banking, Mobile Banking)  Role:  As a Back-end Developer    Working within a team of highly motivated software engineers to deliver complex solutions to specific technical problems. Deeply involved in the designing, implementing and maintaining of software to support various client's products and services.    • Analyzing user requirements  • Reacting quickly and confidently to emergency situations.  • Designing data structures and maintaining databases  • Discussing the technical aspects of a project with clients.  • Resolving technical issues faced by other team members.  • Writing up reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software.  • Supporting and maintaining the software within an IT system once it is up and running.  • Developing new programs.  • Coding individual programs.  • Peer code reviews.  • Writing and executing tests for subsystems and components.  • Testing and debugging applications  • Interacting with the Support team on a daily basis.  • Troubleshooting complex software systems that run in mixed-environments such as Linux, Unix and Windows.  • Working alongside wider operational teams to achieve set goals.  • Documenting all work in accordance with agreed standards.  • Travelling to customer sites to carry out repairs.  • Building software requirement specifications.  • Performing consultancy activities in a variety of industry sectors.  • Working hard to gain a complete understanding of a client's needs  • Participating in daily Standup meetings. SOFTWARE ENGINEER XCENDANT (PVT) LTD 2016 to 2017 Domain - ERP  Role: Back-end Developer and R&D developer    Associate Software Engineer  • Together with a dedicated team of highly skilled developers be responsible for maintaining and develop all parts of a complex service-oriented system  • Work with a large arsenal of open source and cutting-edge technologies such as, Angular.js,BackboneJs ,JHipster,Microservices with Spring Boot,AWS, Docker, Postgresql,MySQL,MS SQL  • Plan and implement model data structures for scalability  • Write secure code and architect applications  • Participates in all phases of the development life cycle, focusing on coding, testing, and debugging  • Works on the maintenance or enhancement of existing data structures  • Researches, evaluates and analyzes technical and design requirements  • Develop additional server level functionality  • Troubleshoot and fix bugs/flaws within websites and other systems to ensure servers are running optimally.  • Incorporate standards-based development processes for website and web applications.  • Provide version control solutions for code based and other non-media based digital assets.  • Assist with website strategy and planning.  • Formulate concepts and ideas for additional products, tools and services that can be provided in the digital CHIEF MINISTRY GOVERNMENT IT UNIT eGovernment 2014 to 2015 SOFTWARE DEVELOPER  Domain - eGovernment  Role:  As a Back-end Developer  • Participate in the entire application lifecycle, focusing on coding and debugging  • Write clean code to develop functional web applications  • Troubleshoot and debug applications  • Perform UI tests to optimize performance  • Manage cutting-edge technologies to improve legacy applications  • Collaborate with Front-end developers to integrate user-facing elements with server side logic  • Gather and address technical and design requirements  • Provide training and support to internal teams  • Build reusable code and libraries for future use  • Liaise with developers, designers and system administrators to identify new features  • Follow emerging technologies SOFTWARE DEVELOPER 2013 to 2014 Domain - POS (point of sale - commercial project)  Role:  As a Front-end Developer  • Develop new user-facing features  • Build reusable code and libraries for future use  • Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs  • Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability  • Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-end  • Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders SOFTWARE DEVELOPER REAL BUSINESS SOLUTION (PVT) LTD 2010 to 2013 Domain - POS (point of sale - commercial project)  Role:  As a Front-end Developer  • Develop new user-facing features  • Build reusable code and libraries for future use  • Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs  • Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability  • Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-end  • Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/dulajkulathunga http://www.linkedin.com/in/dulajkulathunga