Technical Lead Technical Lead EAI Expert Woodland Hills, CA • A competent professional with 9 years of experience as Technical Lead, Project Management, Business Analyst.  • Ardent analyst, with a flair for adapting quickly to dynamic business environments and steering process re-engineering initiatives. Adopting pragmatic approach in improvising on solutions and resolving complex business issues.  • Experience in Project Management activities encompassing planning, design, resource management, risk management, escalation management and Vendor relationship management.  • Skilled in building and managing relationships with Clients and working with them for achieving their strategic goals.  • An effective communicator with strong leadership, team management, interpersonal, planning & coordination skills.  • Currently working with Mindtree Limited as Technical Lead since July 2015. Work Experience Technical Lead Mindtree - Bengaluru, Karnataka July 2015 to Present - TIBCO Lead    1. Migration Project:    Presently working on migration project, interfaces and API were built earlier on Mule 3 and now we are working on migration on to Mule 4.    Technology and Tools: Mulesoft  2. E-commerce Platform:    Building of e-commerce platform using SAP-Hybris, Oracle Retek and Mulesoft ESB and APIs over cloud.    Technology and Tools: SAP Hybris, Mulesoft, Oracle RETEK, Informatica    Roles and Responsibilities:  • Development of integrations and API's using enterprise integration patterns and frameworks.  • Discovery phase, identification of business requirements, functional design, process design (including scenario design, flow mapping), prototyping, development.  • Implementation of CI/CD using Jenkins.    Key Deliverables:  Majorly worked on Order management interface.    3. CRM 360: CRM360 project for France Based organisation whose technology team is based out of US Location. CRM3.0 Project Includes:  1) Customer Journey  2) Orders Journey  3) Loyalty Journey  4) Media Marketing  5) Reporting    Integration with Various System i.e. Inbound and outbound  1) Demandware 1) Informatica  2) Sitecore 2) PSF Web  3) 500Friends 3) Spark  4) Krux 4) TIBCO 5) SFMC 6) Acxiom (ABILITES)  5) Brain 7) Relation 8) Mars 9) Google 10) Analytics    • TIBCO BW 6.x is used for developing applications to integrate with other end systems.  • Design specification and documentations are maintained in Confluence ( Developer Portal).  • Jira is used for Project Management activities and tracking the sprint wise activities.    Roles and Responsibilities:  • Worked closely with Architects for defining user Journey and with business stakeholders for defining user journey.  • Low level design, estimate, documentation. Understand, validate and deliver a given unit of work in timely manner and Identify gaps, dependencies and constraints for a given unit of work.  • Messaging based design and implementations of application along with multiple end system integration.  • CICD for TIBCO components through Jenkins.  • Experience with Rest/SOAP based services implementations through TIBCO BW 6.x.  • Ability to perform detailed Code Review and fix bugs as required.  • Mentor the team on the best techniques/practices to debug and troubleshoot design and implementation defects and issues.  • Design flow documentation for all the user stories covered.    Key Deliverables:  • Single-handedly developed complete Exception handling and Retry framework.  • Independently developed complete Authorization framework.  • Managing all TIBCO application Development, deployment through CICD monitoring though Hawk.  • Design Preparation and Data flow Diagram preparation for all the TIBCO Components.  • Development of TIBCO applications as per client recommendation and Standards.  • Managed overall operations for executing projects involving scope, design, and estimation for Project Timelines    Achievement:  ? Apart from developing all the TIBCO interfaces on time for CRM3.0, I had taken complete ownership in developing Logging, Exception handling and Retry framework, Authorization framework for CRM3.0 project for all the TIBCO components, starting from Design till the PROD deployment. And I have successfully finished developing entire frameworks.    4. Adidas: Adidas is a German multinational corporation that designs and manufactures sports shoes, clothing and accessories. They are using TIBCO to integrate their business to all over globe which divided into three region EMEA, US and APAC.    Roles and Responsibilities:  • Fixing incidents, service requests, maintain the SLA. Responsible for deliverables.  • Installation and Configurations of TIBCO software  • Creating TIBCO Domain and configuration, EMS Instance.  • Configure Administrator, Domain and Hawk rules.  • Performing sizing for new application, Disaster recovery testing.  • Hardware sizing and coordinating with Hardware team for hardware upgradation. Validating license for TIBCO Products.  • Deployment of new application into test and production environment.  • Preparing weekly and Monthly status report and sharing and discussing with Clients.  • Weekend support for maintenance, patching, enhancement and implementation.  Achievement:  ? Wrote multiple .sh scripts for automatic deployments on Linux production server. Software Engineer CGI - Bengaluru, Karnataka April 2012 to July 2015 in Senior Role    5. ITSM (Information Technology Service Management): ITSM (Information Technology Service Management) contains middleware applications that are used in CGI as well by external clients. The applications are used to track the issues raised by the end users. In addition, it keeps tracks of issue until it is resolved and gets confirmed from the end user.  Enhancing the application involves analysis, designing, creating Services, deploying and testing those Services. I have been involved in creating Middleware Services for existing application.  Roles and Responsibilities:  • Worked on TIBCO BW 5.x as a Techno-Functional Role as senior developer role.  • Managed overall operations for executing projects involving scope, design, and estimation.  • Co-ordinating with Vendors on the Functional Requirements, Issue Resolution and conflict management.  • End-to-End design and development of applications using TIBCO Business Works. On time delivery without any escalations.  • Deployment on to DEV, SI, ST and UAT environments in TIBCO Administrator.  • Partially Involved in Java coding for Middleware Service created between BMC remedy system and external systems.    Key Delivery:  ? Single-handedly owned entire people management module in ITSM project and delivered it on time with client appreciations. Software Engineer HCL Technologies - Bengaluru, Karnataka April 2010 to February 2012 6. OCBC-SIBS Malaysia: Overseas Chinese Banking Corporation Limited - Silverlake Islamic Banking Solution. It Standardizes Singapore and Malaysia CBS using Singapore version as base. Addresses Malaysia core banking system constraints that may hinder Malaysian business growth and avoid significant business and operational risk due to workarounds.  Add Silver lake Version 8 Islamic Banking capabilities for both Singapore and Malaysia.  Support the delivery of 'One Bank' vision of availing common customer experience, unified process and product offering across Singapore and Malaysia.  Support the increasingly integrated operating model of GCFS and GCB. Facilitate quicker rollout of global products. Avail lower unit costs through common platform and resource synergy.  Roles and Responsibilities:  • Worked in Requirement gathering, Analysis and Design of interfaces.  • Reviewing and delivering artifacts to onshore Team.  • Right from setting up the development environment with Development, deployment and monitoring of application till production release.    7. DB-CTAS Migration: Deutsche Bank is a leading global investment bank with a strong and profitable private client's franchise.  • This was a migration project, migrating from Microsoft BizTalk to TIBCO.  • The Project involved developing interfaces which dealt with handling files, transforming them, archiving, generating and Sending and Receiving messages to MQ, sending alert mails and JDBC activities.  Roles and Responsibilities:  • End-to-End development, Testing and deployment of PAYDInbound interfaces. (This Business Works process subscribes the files placed in FTP and process the data as according to specific data format and then insert into SUNSTAR DB System and preparing unit test cases for the same and executing them. Trainee Software Developer Accenture(Contract) - Bengaluru, Karnataka September 2009 to April 2010 8. Telstra: Solution Environment: BMC Remedy, ZenOss and Client owned tools.  Role and Responsibilities:  • Responsible for monitoring and maintaining the complex computer systems and applications running on such systems remotely. And to analyze any kind of problems that occurs, at the first level and try to resolve it or forward it to appropriate person if required. Education BE in computer science India University - Bengaluru, Karnataka Skills Devops, Demandware, Ecommerce, Java, HTML, XML, Linux, Sql Server, SQL Certifications/Licenses MuleSoft Certified Developer – Level 1 (Mule 4) May 2019 to May 2021 MuleSoft Certified Developer – Integration and API Associate (Mule 3) June 2018 to June 2020 TIBCO BusinessWorks™ 5 Certification Present Core Java Certified Present