Application Developer Application <span class="hl">Developer</span> Application Developer - Lockheed Martin Woodlawn, MD Work Experience Application Developer Lockheed Martin - Jessup, MD 2018 to Present Created Java classes for the purpose of processing and displaying encrypted data.  ? Provided documentation on start-up, shut down and first level troubleshooting of processes  to help IT support staff.  ? Coordinated with systems partners to finalize designs and confirm requirements.  ? Tested and debugged web applications.  ? Designed creative prototypes by request.  ? Performed unit and integration testing prior to launching Application Developer Booz Allen Hamilton - McLean, VA 2017 to 2018 Created a Solr index for the purpose of querying over 20 million records.  ? Develop Spring micro services for users, accounts, and preferences.  ? Created REST services to be consumed by Angular.js.  ? Setup a distributed indexing system using zookeeper.  ? Created an XML schema for the Solr search engine based on the Oracle schema.  ? Migrated an Oracle database to Solr. Software Engineer Lockheed Martin - Jessup, MD 2015 to 2017 Worked with Apache Nifi to develop custom processors for the purpose of processing and disturbing  data among cloud systems.  ? Tested raw data and executed performance scripts on Linux machines.  ? Used commons and log4j logging framework.  ? Developed multiple MapReduce jobs in Pig for data processing.  ? Documented the day-to day tasks.  ? Conducted JUnit testing for many Java classes.  ? Wrote maintainable and extensible code in a team environment.  ? Parsing many different formats of date; including, JSON, CSV, and XML. Junior Software Engineer Advanced Computer Network Concepts LLC - Catonsville, MD 2012 to 2015 Streamlined deployment process by developing continuous integration tools.  ? Identified and suggested new technologies and tools for enhancing product value and increasing team  productivity.  ? Debugged and modified software components.  ? Designed Java-based multi-threaded administrative web applications.  ? Built databases and table structures following n-tier architecture methodology for web applications.  ? Developed object-oriented software.  ? Worked closely with other team members to plan, design, and develop robust solutions in a timely manner.  ? Wrote maintainable and extensible code in a team environment.  ? Implemented designs, including experimentation and multiple iterations.  ? Consulted regularly with customers on project status, proposals, and technical issues. Education Bachelor of Science in Software Development & Security University of Maryland - Upper Marlboro, MD 2016 Associate of Science in Computer Science The Community College of Baltimore County - Catonsville, MD 2014 Skills XML, Linux, HTML, Javascript, SQL, Tomcat, Apache Nifi, Java, J2EE