Technology Analyst Technology Analyst Technology Lead Bellevue, WA Work Experience Technology Analyst Infosys Limited April 2011 to November 2017 Microsoft certified SQL Server and .NET Professional Onsite Subject Matter Expert at Client site Infosys - Atherstone January 2015 to August 2016 Location: UK and India  Environments: Windows 7, IIS 6.0, ASP.NET 3.0 using C#.net, Windows Server 2003  Description: Customer's Imaging Management System is scans, maintains and retrieves various documents related consignment. These documents include custom document, proof of delivery and Damaged and unidentified consignments etc. The Damaged and Unidentified Consignments system allows users at depots to enter and maintain data relating to damaged and unidentified consignments.  Responsibilities:  • Supporting these applications from client location  • Analysis of issues raised by user and fix them.  • Bug fixing, minor enhancement coding.  • Knowledge transfer to offshore.  • Resolving high severity issues.  • Planning and allocating tasks to team members at offshore and onshore.  • Status reporting to Client Manager about weekly Production support tickets.  • Managing all processes and servers related to application.    Skills: ASP.NET 4.0 using C#.net, WCF, SQL Server 2008, Ajax toolkit, JavaScript SQL Server and Dot Net Offshore Lead Developer Infosys - Chandigarh, Chandigarh January 2014 to January 2015 Environment: Windows 7, IIS7.0, ASP.NET 4.0 using C#.Net, Sql Server 2008  Description: Worked on Customer middleware covering all relevant eCom data for frontend presentation within the current eShop system as the main consumer and also other 3rd parties. The idea was to create a single point of truth for eCom article master data & local enrichment data.  Responsibilities:  • Development of Sql Queries and web services.  • Configuration Controller of the Project.  • Providing IST, UAT and Production supports.  • Worked on Design document.  • Participated in Business Layer coding.  • Development of Nunits.  • Testing of all application from DB perspective and UI perspective.    Skills: ASP.NET 4.0 using C#.Net, SQL Server, Ajax toolkit, JavaScript) Senior System Engineer Infosys - Chandigarh, Chandigarh January 2013 to December 2014 Environment and Skills: Windows 7, IIS7.0, ASP.NET 4.0 using C#.Net, WCF, Oracle 11g Release 2  Description InView Analytics is developed to address the needs of the Global Private Bank. It provides a graphical representation of data in an easy to read format. It empowers the user to easily analyze data across regions, banker teams (applicable to GMMs) and clients. Analytics will also be available by product across the regions. Another powerful analysis is the Top client analysis which will allow the user to gather all relevant information across their book of clients which will in turn, help the user plan how to increase share of wallet capture and create pipelines.  Responsibilities:  • Development of Packages, functioned and stored procedures  • Configuration Controller of the Project.  • Providing IST, UAT and Production supports.  • Worked on Design document.  • Optimization of stored procedures.  • Participated in Business Layer coding.  • Testing of all application from DB perspective and UI perspective. Senior System Engineer Infosys - Chandigarh, Chandigarh June 2011 to December 2012 Environment: Windows XP, IIS7.0, ASP.NET 3.5, C#.Net, Sql Server 2008  Description: Service Level Reporting in SQL server 2008. All monthly, yearly and daily reports have been created to display on a portal of American Express on the basis of client requirement. Reporting portal was web application to display reports.  Responsibilities:  • Worked on newly added feature in portal.  • Staging of reports on portal.  • Configuration Controller of the Project.  • Used Stored Procedures to retrieve data from the SQL database.  • Worked on Java Script for Client side Validation.  • Used CSS classes to design the user interface.  • Participated in Business Layer coding.  • Implemented web services to auto fill the Textboxes.  • Tested all applications.    Skills: Microsoft Visual Studio 2008, .NET Framework 3.5, WCF, MVC 3.0, ASP.NET, C#, ADO.NET, Sql Server 2005, Ajax toolkit, JavaScript Software Developer & Tester Osvin Web Solutions - Chandigarh, Chandigarh January 2010 to February 2011 Environment and Skills: Windows XP, IIS6.0, SQL 2005, ASP.NET 3.5, VB.Net, Sql Server 2005  Description: Classic Resorts in a dynamic page generated site .using Xml and flash we create gallery and presentation in this site .Best display of images used in this site .admin can manage different sites from same admin in this websites. All type of xml gallery mange by admin and pages are also created by admin.  Responsibilities:  • Worked on admin & user modules as well as made Table and Stored Procedures.  • Integrated flash in the project through xml for displaying gallery & managed presentation from the admin section.  • Used Stored Procedures to retrieve data from the SQL database.  • Worked on Java Script for Client side Validation.  • Used CSS classes to design the user interface.  • Participated in Business Layer coding.  • Integrated Video Players for displaying Videos.  • Implemented web services to auto fill the Textboxes.  • Tested all applications. Software Developer & Tester Osvin Web Solutions - Chandigarh, Chandigarh June 2008 to February 2011 Environment: Windows XP, IIS6.0, SQL 2005, ASP.NET 3.5, VB.Net, SQL Server 2005  Description: Worked on a Dating App that allows to Write Reviews and sends emails to the members in their network. User can ask Questions from Fashion experts, Hair Experts, and Doctor and receive replies in their Date frenzy inbox. User has the facility to Post their Blog in Blogs section. In Addition to this Users can receives text notifications on their mobile devices on each activity related to them.   Responsibilities:  • Worked on admin & user modules as well as made Table and Stored Procedures.  • Integrated flash in the project through xml for displaying gallery & managed presentation from the admin section.  • Used Stored Procedures to retrieve data from the SQL database.  • Worked on Java Script for Client side Validation.  • Used CSS classes to design the user interface.  • Formed different mail templates and sent them to the user on different requirements.  • Developed web user controls, which were used in different pages of the site.  • Participated in Business Layer Coding.  • Integrated Video Players for displaying Videos.  • Implemented JavaScript Light Boxes to display different records.  • Implemented web services to auto fill the Textboxes. Software Developer Osvin Web Solutions - Chandigarh, Chandigarh November 2009 to January 2010 Environment and Skills: Microsoft Visual Studio 2008, .NET Framework 3.5, ASP.NET, VB, ADO.NET  Description: In this Project all the TV shows of fishing and hunting are displayed along with cookery shows and sales of various products like CDs of TV shows,sports products.Display of Lodge directories and display of comments.  Responsibilities:  • Worked on admin & user modules as well as made Table and Stored Procedures.  • Used Stored Procedures to retrieve data from the SQL database.  • Worked on Java Script for Client side Validation.  • Used CSS classes to design the user interface.  • Participated in Business Layer coding.  • Integrated Video Players for displaying Videos. Software Developer Osvin Web Solutions - Chandigarh, Chandigarh July 2009 to September 2009 Description: Isafetalk is an educational website for children preventing them from the inappropriate content on the internet using videos. Admin can upload videos of from the admin section and also has the facility to add youtube videos.  Skills: ASP.NET 2.0 using VB.net, MS Access, and JavaScript  Responsibilities:  • Worked on Admin and User modules.  • Used Stored Procedures to retrieve data from the SQL database.  • Worked on Java Script for Client side Validation.  • Used CSS classes to design the user interface.  • Participated in Business Layer coding.  • Integrated Video Players for displaying Videos.  • Implemented web services to auto fill the textboxes.  • Tested all the modules. Software Developer Osvin Web Solutions - Chandigarh, Chandigarh April 2009 to July 2009 Description It is a real estate application helps users to find property in Chandigarh. Allows users to Add new properties, description and Sell property.  Skills: ASP.NET 2.0 using C#.Net, Sql Server 2000, JavaScript  Responsibilities:  • Worked on admin & user modules as well as made Table and Stored Procedures.  • Made scheduler to see all appointments of the day.  • Handled all debit credit reports in the admin section.  • Used Stored Procedures to retrieve data from the SQL database.  • Worked on Java Script for Client side Validation.  • Used CSS classes to design the user interface.  • Participated in Business Layer coding.  • Integrated Video Players for displaying Videos.  • Implemented web services to auto fill the textboxes.  • Tested all the modules. Software Developer Osvin Web Solutions - Chandigarh, Chandigarh October 2008 to April 2009 Description: Users can perform online payment using this application. User can purchase Domain, Hosting accounts, for a limited time period, it is a multi language site. Discount Coupons and Payment Gateway also used in this site.  Skills: ASP.NET 3.5 using C#.Net, SQL Server 2005 and JavaScript  Responsibilities:  • Handled crystal reports and sub reports.  • Worked on admin & user modules as well as made Table and Stored Procedures.  • Managed all debit credit reports in the admin section.  • Used Stored Procedures to retrieve data from the SQL database.  • Worked on Java Script for Client side Validation.  • Used CSS classes to design the user interface.  • Participated in Business Layer coding.  • Integrated Video Players for displaying Videos.  • Implemented web services to auto fill the text boxes.  • Tested all the modules. Software Developer Osvin Web Solutions - Chandigarh, Chandigarh June 2008 to October 2008 Description This is a Website with Shopping Cart feature which allows the users to get Registered Online and Shop at different jewelry Stores online.  Skills: ASP.NET 2.0 using VB.net, MS Access and JavaScript  Responsibilities:  • Worked in the Admin and User modules.  • Used Stored Procedures to retrieve data from the SQL database.  • Worked on Java Script for Client side Validation.  • Used CSS classes to design the user interface.  • Participated in Business Layer coding.  • Integrated Video Players for displaying Videos.  • Implemented web services to auto fill the textboxes.  • Tested all the modules. Education MCA in Computer Science Punjabi University - Patiala, Punjab 2008 PGDCA - Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Applications in Computer Applications GNDU Amritsar - Amritsar, Punjab June 2004 to May 2005 B.Ed in Psychology And Sociology H.P University - Bhatoli - India May 2003 to May 2004 BSC in Science (Physics, Chemistry, Math) H.P University - Amb, Himachal Pradesh 1999 to 2003 Skills MicroSoft ASP.NET (8 years), C#. NET (8 years), VB.Net (3 years), Ajax and Java Script (8 years), SQL Server and Oracle 10g (8 years), ServiceNow Incident Management (2 years), XML and JSON (8 years) Certifications/Licenses Microsoft Certified Professional in Developing Microsoft SQL Server 2012 Databases 2013 to 2013 Microsoft Certified Professional in Developing Microsoft SQL Server 2012 Databases Microsoft Certified Professional in Microsoft .NET Framework 4.0, Web Applications Development 2013 to 2013 Microsoft Certified Professional in Microsoft .NET Framework 4.0, Web Applications Development