Freelance Software Developer Freelance <span class="hl">Software</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Software Developer Alhambra, CA Committed and driven to build exciting and interesting applications that provides value to its users with technology and analytics. I have experience in coding with Python, JavaScript and Java. I look forward to working with innovative developers and improving my craft. I always value the opportunity to learn, grow and contribute to a positive and productive environment. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Freelance Software Developer PCMICROSTORE.COM - Los Angeles, CA December 2018 to Present • Developed web scraping tool for company by creating a script that extracts deals, sorting by price points, transforming the data and loading it into Excel files.  • Implement beautifulsoup4 and Selenium tools to parse through and collect the data. Software Developer INDEPENDENT - Alhambra, CA June 2018 to Present DEGENERATE BLOCKER • PYTHON  A website blocking script to help be more productive by blocking the sites you most frequent for a certain number of hours. After the hours are up, the script updates and removes the sites from being blocked.  • Implemented infinite loop to check status every 5 seconds to write or update the sites to be blocked or unblocked.  • Converted to .pyw file for script to run in the background.  • Wrote documentation to schedule and run script in Windows OS.    DULY NOTED • PYTHON, DJANGO, JAVASCRIPT, MYSQL, AJAX, JQUERY, HTML, CSS  A simple, easy to use sticky note app where users can register and login to create, update and delete their notes.  • Setting up associations in the models for MySQL and SQLite.  • Implemented AJAX to handle post requests to create, delete and update.  • Implemented modal for registration, validations, and error handling.  • Deployment of project using AWS EC2. Freelance Software Developer CROWDBOTICS - Berkeley, CA May 2018 to May 2018 • Developed 5 landing pages for company to start AdWords campaign with pure CSS, Bootstrap and HTML.  • Collaborated with UI/UX Designer to build mobile and desktop responsiveness.  • Implemented Firebase deployment to stage pages and ensure proper display.  • Collaborated with developers using GitHub from multiple branches. Financial Analyst/Staff Accountant THE OLSON COMPANY - Seal Beach, CA September 2013 to June 2017 • Analyzed and managed loan draws to ensure funding of our projects.  • Managed revenue projection reports, tracking profitability, cash flows, analyzed P&L impacts to timing of closings, deliverables and sales price increases and decreases.  • Compiled data related to land development, operations, financial metrics, loan approval packages for lenders and investment packages for JV and board of directors.  • Gathered financial and marketing data to provide homebuyer demographics used in the project approval process for the Community Development team. Education BS in Finance CAL POLY POMONA - Pomona, CA Full Stack Development Coding Dojo - Burbank, CA Skills Python, HTML, CSS, Java, Django, Spring, Javascript, JQuery, Bootstrap, Angular, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, MySQL, PostgresSQL, Typescript, SQL, AWS EC2, Ubuntu, Flask, REST API, Gunicorn, Nginx, Postman, PyCharm, Spring Tools Suite, Pandas, Matplotlib, Jupyter, NumPy, HTML 5, Git Links http://www.github.com/wtran29 http://www.linkedin.com/in/william-tran http://www.wtran.me Certifications/Licenses Coding Dojo - Full Stack Development Present Focused on building out and deploying projects in Python/Django, MEAN, and Java/Spring Boot. Redis Labs RU101 Certificate | Redis University Present Exploring the capabilities of the popular in-memory, NoSQL database. Complete Python Masterclass Present Extensive in-depth training in the Python language. Python for Finance: Investment Fundamentals & Data Analytics Present Exploring data science tools and Python libraries used to analyze investments - ROI, Black Scholes, Monte Carlo Simulation and CAPM. Assessments Python Development Skills — Proficient December 2018 Measures a candidate's ability to apply a fundamental understanding Python data types and structures to identify errors and create scripts. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/tgo1ej85hoz38wlm Data Analysis — Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's skill in interpreting and producing graphs, identifying trends, and drawing justifiable conclusions from data. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ua08wodnwncnyv0q Critical Thinking — Proficient July 2019 Using logic to solve problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/jw3rpf59npw3jt0b Problem Solving — Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to analyze relevant information when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/xbfg1yfoaokh-9vk Attention to Detail — Highly Proficient August 2019 Identifying differences in materials, following instructions, and detecting details among distracting information. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/u-rfjnie4nmtqk0c Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information After 10+ years in the Finance/Accounting industry, I have pursued my passion in Software Development. In addition to learning three different stacks, I have built projects to solidify my knowledge and continue to improve my craft. I believe my ambition and persistence has been major factor of my successes. I look forward to applying my skill sets to the potential companies as well as learning new ones.