Software Developer <span class="hl">Software</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Business Focused Developer and UX Mentor McClellandtwn, PA Work Experience Software Developer Mined Minds - Clendenin, WV July 2015 to August 2019 Strategic business partner leveraging technology to maximize business value  Software development lead and team builder with experience in many languages, frameworks, and development processes. Project delivery using Ruby, Java, JavaScript, Swift, PHP, HTML, CSS, and SQL deployed to cloud environments including server-less. Managed and mentored team consisting of twelve full stack developers in a continuous learning organization. For the past two years, I have worked remotely for teams and clients located throughout the United States.    Partnered with clients at all phases of SDLC. Worked with clients from the start of the sales cycle to product inception and creating personas and user stories through to supporting the delivered product post-production.    Technical trainer assistant for Mined Minds Foundation with topics including Programming fundamentals with Ruby, TDD, SQL, Cloud Deployment, HTML, CSS, JavaScript as well as tools like Slack, Trello, Zoom, Github, and Agile development practices.    Led front end portfolio delivery at Mined Minds, a software consultancy. Used UXD training and development experience to bring user research, persona building, affinity mapping, sketching, MVP defining, as well as frontend development coding skills to both consultancy and training organizations.    Speaker at technical conferences domestically and internationally, including UX Tools for Developers workshop at BuildStuff Lithuania and UX for the Full Stack Developer at FullStack NYC. Skills Project planning (3 years), Customer service (3 years), Budgeting (3 years), Ruby (4 years), HTML 5 (4 years), CSS3 (4 years), Javascript (3 years), React (Less than 1 year), Swift (1 year), Agile (3 years), SQL (4 years), Github (4 years), Heroku (4 years), AWS (3 years), Sinatra (4 years), UX (2 years), Mentoring (3 years), Jquery (3 years) Links http://heathershockney.me Additional Information SKILLS    Management  Budgeting  Team Leadership  Accountability  Customer Service  Creativity  Improving Efficiency  Project Planning  Attention to Detail