Senior Software Developer/Onsite lead Senior <span class="hl">Software</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span>/Onsite lead Senior Software Developer/Onsite lead - Cognizant/Aetna Hartford, CT To pursue a career in an environment that allows use and expand my technical skills and expertise to  introduce efficiency into the data-anaylsis and data-manipulation needs of my employer to support  improved profitability and corporate growth. Work Experience Senior Software Developer/Onsite lead Cognizant/Aetna 2013 to Present • Involved in design and enhancement of the ingestion framework which sqoop/ingest the data from disparate data sources like RDBMS, XML and flat files.  • Developed XML parsing framework for ingestion team to handle massive survey XML data.  • Automated the file extraction process from Amazon S3 to Hadoop to ingest files from external  vendors.  • Developed cost transparency framework using Scala/Spark to empower Aetna members by providing them cost estimation when they opt for a procedure or a service.  • Involved in the entire DevOps cycle for the scala/spark applications  • Managed the setting up GitHub repository and performed the role of reviewer/approver.  • Wrote test cases using ScalaTest to automate the testing in DevOps process    • Worked in setting up the Scala Build Tool(SBT) and educate team members about SBT to automate the build.  • Worked with cross-teams for scheduling the scala application through internal Workload  framework  • Proposed, Designed and developed Java Swing UI application which supports the business  analyst who verifies the outcomes of the Cost transparency framework.  • Built a Pig data pipeline to find out the prospect members who are currently eligible for medicare  but not yet enrolled.  • Built a Hive data pipeline which reports utilization parameters like continuous admissions and bed days calculation  • Designed and Developed J2EE/Spring based Web applications for manual re-pricing and network  cascading arrangements  • Worked on prototyping approach where HTML prototypes will be presented to stakeholders in brainstorming sessions to gather requirements.  • Wrote Junit test scripts using Mockito framework in order to automate the unit testing. Software Engineer Vanenburg software India Pvt Ltd 2010 to 2013 • Developed services for supporting Near Real Time search functionality using Solr.  • Developed servlet filters at container level for filtering out Solr queries.  • Developed custom XML response writers for Solr and custom data import handler for migrating  the Solr indexes from Hbase  • Provided insights on developing Solr queries for the UI developers  • Worked on installation and deployment documentation of the Solr HA cloud set up for the beta  release of the product  • Developed Lucene - based APIs to process and index the structured data.  • Developed the persistent mechanism of the indexes in Hbase.  • Involved in the development of information retrieval from Hbase for search.  • Contributed to the technical discussions for Hbase and Lucene integration for performance  improvement and index sharding. Associate Software Engineer Cordys software India Pvt Ltd 2009 to 2010 Developed a Netbeans platform based plugin for iReport designer, which will allow a user to design the report by consuming the webservices and publish back the designed report to the  Cordys Process Factory repository using iReport APIs.  • Developed Swing user interfaces for establishing connection, consuming webservices, publish  and import reports in iReport designer.  • Created methodsets (webservices) for supporting the functions of the plugin using Cordys BOP4.  • Developed the execution layer of the reports using JasperReports APIs.  • Documented on help pages in Cordys wiki about the iReport and plugin usage. Education Master of Computer Applications in Computer Applications PSG College of Technology - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu Academy of Healthcare Management Skills Hadoop, Hbase, Hive, Json, Lucene, Pig, Solr, Svn, Xml, Sqoop, Hbase, Solr, Hadoop, Lucene, Eclipse, J2ee, Java, Spring, jquery, Jsp Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/jagadeshkumar-balasubramanian-50801614 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Hadoop Ecosystem Hadoop 2.7.3, Hive 1.2, Scala 2.11.8, Sqoop, Shell, Amazon S3,  Spark 1.6, DistCp, Pig, Hbase 0.92,  Languages/Technology Java, J2EE, XML, JSON, Swing, JSP, HTML5, JQuery, CSS3,  WebServices  Frameworks Spring, Junit, Mockito, ScalaTest  Operating Systems Windows, Linux  RDBMS & Libraries MySQL, Solr 4.0.0, Lucene 4.0.0, JasperReports  DevOps GitHub, GitLab, ScalaBuildTool (SBT), Tortoise SVN, IBM  ClearCase  Platforms Cordys Process Factory, Cordys BOP4  IDE & Tools Eclipse, ScalaIDE, Netbeans, Hue, Aginity Workbench for Hadoop,  SecureCRT, SecureFX, JIRA, HbaseExplorer, iReport, Jupyter, ,  Fiddler, Luke