Full Stack Web Developer Full Stack <span class="hl">Web</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Full Stack Web Developer - Mississippi State University Starkville, MS Work Experience Full Stack Web Developer Mississippi State University July 2018 to Present Mississippi State University    ? Designed, built, and deployed full-stack Javascript/Typescript  applications to meet tight deadlines.  ? Developed a time clock application for our department to manage  student worker shifts and generate time sheets at the end of each  pay period (approximately 100-150 users including students and supervisors).  ? Developed and deployed a proxy application for granting statewide  K-12 school districts, community colleges, and public libraries easy  access to EBSCOhost and other research databases.  ? Maintained web applications to keep dependencies up to date and patch security vulnerabilities.  ? Worked in a team environment consisting of a project coordinator, two developers, and a user experience specialist/designer.  ? Built in-house reporting tools with client-side frameworks, e.g.  ReactJS, that interfaced with third party REST APIs.  ? Assisted in the improvement of website & web application  accessibility according to WCAG standards.  ? Deployed self-hosted applications on Linux servers (CentOS & Ubuntu) behind reverse proxies with Nginx & Apache web servers,  SSL certificates, and process management controllers such as PM2. Freelance Web Developer Self-Employed - Starkville, MS January 2015 to Present Designed and built a wide range of web sites and applications for clients using web technologies including but not limited to Ruby on  Rails, Node JS/express, React JS, and static web pages.  ? Implemented user authentication and authorization with both session cookies and JSON web token technologies.  ? Built web applications using a Model View Controller (MVC)  framework architecture. The largest currently active application is  nmsemmaus.org - a Ruby on Rails application with a PostgreSQL  database built for the North MS Emmaus Community (approximately  10,000 members) containing community member data, online  application processes, and the means for admin users to batch  upload new data through a CSV file upload process with error  reporting.  ? Tested application with unit-testing methods in multiple languages.  Special attention has been given to a Test-Driven Development  approach to ensure that applications are functioning properly before deployment to a production environment.  ? Built dynamic user interfaces with front-end frameworks, primarily  React JS, and using CMS technologies e.g. Netlify CMS, Contentful, etc.    Mississippi State University Shared Advancement Services/ Coordinator of Information Services Mississippi State University October 2013 to July 2018 Programmed and implemented scripts using Git, Bash, Excel VBA, SQL, Python, and Ruby languages for merging and processing CSV  and text file types to prepare data for uploading to Banner.  ? Managed staff and student access to various systems including  university wired and wireless networks, Administrative Banner, Active Directory, and other software.  ? Administered equipment and worked with vendors necessary to bring the Division of Development and Alumni under full PCI  compliance in regards to credit card processing.  ? Managed, procured, and installed desktop workstations and other  technical equipment for the MSU Division of Development and Alumni.  ? Coordinated with campus ITS support for setup of desktop  workstations and various other IT needs for the Division.  ? Supervised Information Technology student workers who were  responsible for providing support to staff within the Division of Development and Alumni.    National Research & Training Center on Blindness & Low Vision/ Undergraduate Research Assistant Mississippi State University October 2011 to June 2013 Assisted in online survey construction, data collection and statistical data analysis for multiple projects.  ? Coauthored annual evaluation reports for blind programs in different states.  ? Aided with the design and function of the NRTC's Continuing  Education distance learning web pages.    Center for Advanced Vehicular Systems (CAVS)/ Undergraduate Research Assistant Mississippi State University February 2009 to May 2010 Worked with a team of researchers to test various materials in fatigue and structure analysis.  ? Organized test data into a presentable form for research  customer and CAVS database purposes.    ? Education M.S. in Information Systems in Information Systems Mississippi State University May 2019 Skills Git, Javascript, Data modeling, Sql, Authentication, Nosql, Version control, React (3 years), Nodejs, AWS, Redis (1 year), Typescript (1 year), NextJS (1 year), PostgresSQL (2 years) Links https://chriseady.dev