Sr.NetDeveloper Sr.NetDeveloper Sr.NetDeveloper - Comcast Philadelphia, PA • Over all 8years of experience in Client/Server-tier architecture, Web-Applications, Object- Oriented Analysis and design in Project management methodologies (AGILE SCRUM, Waterfall).  • Strong experience in system,design, analysis, implementation, testing, development, and maintenance of business applications using .NET, C#, Windows services in N-TierandSOA architechtures.  • Technical expertise in Microsoft Technologies like .NET Framework 4.6.1/4.5/4.0/3.5, ASP.NET, ADO.NET, IIS, Win Forms, WPF, Web Forms, MVC, Web Services, WCF, WEB APIs, XML,SOAP, REST, Microsoft SQL Server.  • Exposure to all the stages in SDLC gathering requirements, software design, and development and testing/support using Microsoft Technologies.  • Experience in detection of bugs, Rectifying the bugs, Supporting the application and Application maintenance. Work Experience Sr.NetDeveloper Comcast - Philadelphia, PA March 2017 to Present Comcast Corporation is a global media and technology company with two primary businesses, Comcast Cable and NBCUniversal.Comcast Cable is one of the nation's largest video, high-speed internet, and phone providers to residential customers under the XFINITY brand, and also provides these services to businesses.    Responsibilities:  • Used AGILE SCRUM methodology to deliver in sprints and Status Meetings, Code Review Meetings.  • Involved in the weekly code review meetings to maintain neatly managed and reusable code.  • Used Angular.JS as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.  • Designed and developed UI components, implemented event handling using C#, HTML5, CSS3, Angular 2.0, Bootstrap, jQuery, AJAX, ASP.NETMVC 6.0.  • Designed, developed and consumed ASP.NETWEB API'sRESTful Servicesfor the project and development support for .NET web services in ASP.NETwith C#.Net and consumed it.  • Experience in working with Angular JS Components, Directives, Pipes, Services and Modules using Type Script as Programming Language.  • Worked with Web API to provide services to HTTP requests.  • Created Data tables and applied the Web Service Enhancements to the Web Service so that the reliability increases.  • Modified Web Services to interact with the other applications and exposed them using REST and HTTP.  • Used Entity Framework extensively for data retrieving, querying, storage and manipulation.  • Wrote SQL Queries to create tables, stored procedures, triggers, creating DTS Packagesusing SQL server, LINQ using Inner/Outer joins, sub-queries, accommodating complex filters and database links.  • Developing SSIS packages for integration with downstream / upstream application and generating reports which could be sent to other systems.  • Reports are generated by using SSRS and Reports variables are passed from ASP.NETweb pages.  • Using GIT as source control to check-in and check-out the code, TFS for tracking the status of the work.  • Microsoft Azure was used for deployment, hosting and cloud based services to store SQL Server data into cloud base data warehousing and implemented security in web applications usingAzure.  • Performed End-to-End Testing and troubleshooting, debugging and integration.  Environment: Visual Studio 2015, .N Framework 4.6.1, C#, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular2.0/4.0, Bootstrap, jQuery, ASP.NETMVC 6, ASP.NET WEB APIs, AJAX, JSON, REST, Entity Framework, LINQ, MS SQL Server 2016, T-SQL, Agile Methodologies, Git, TFS. Net Developer Mayo Clinic - Rochester, MN January 2016 to March 2017 Mayo Clinic is a nonprofit organization committed to clinical practice, education and research, providingprovide key information across the continuum of patient care for hospitals, outpatient clinics, and extended care facilities. Patient accounting; patient scheduling/tracking; and electronic medical records that include critical lab and pharmacy information are essential elements to a healthcare delivery system that provides quality outcomes.    Responsibilities:  • Understanding the existing system architecture and functionality.  • Used Agile Methodology to implement the application and went through the total project development life cycle and have a clear understanding of various tiers as the project was a multi-tier application.  • Coordinated with various groups of the client to gather business and system requirements.  • Involved in application design based on MVC4, Factory Design Pattern and OOPS. Active Developer of the core developing Team for the Banking Software using C#.Net, SQL Server with MVC Pattern.  • Involved in designing rich UI using JavaScript library AngularJS.  • Creating custom, general use modules and components which extend the elements and modules of core AngularJS.  • Used Angular JS as the development framework and done CRUD operations with HTTP service.  • Used Angular JS filters for search, sorting, pagination and custom filters.  • Designed WCF the front end using XAML Browser WPF for Rich UI.  • Worked extensively on the UI, created views by utilizing MVC4, and created view models.  • Consumed Web Services using WCF for online transactions using C# and exposed them through SOAP and HTTP.  • Responsible for authoring of website functionality with JavaScript, HTML, CSS.  • Used CSS Sprites to decrease the number of HTTP requests and load time of web pages.  • Manage the back-end connection to Microsoft SQL Server as the data source using Entity Framewrok and write SQL queries, stored procedures and triggers to manage data.  • Created Stored Procedures to perform automated rules, updating to related tables using SQL Server 2012 using T-SQL.  • Developed Web Service for retrieving Employee Data (based on XML, WSDL and SOAP)  • Generated Crystal Reports for Job Allocation Purpose.  • Created Integration Test cases and NUnit test cases for Testing the System.  • Used TFS for version control during development.  • Have done data model principles, fit-gap analysis, prototyping, development, implementation, maintenance and support during the product design and development.  • Deployed applications into test and production environments by using web server (IIS).    Environment: Visual Studio 2012, .NET Framework 4.5, C#, MVC 4.0, WCF, Angular 1.6, JavaScript, jQuery, HTML5, CSS, REST, SOAP, XML, XAML, XSLT, SQL Server 2012, T-SQL, Crystal Reports, SSRS, N-unit testing, TFS, IIS. Net Developer Wells Fargo & Company - Minneapolis, MN April 2013 to November 2015 Wells Fargo&Company is an American international banking and financial services holdingcompany headquartered in San Francisco, California. It isthe world second-largest bank by market capitalization and the third largest bank in the U.S. by assets. The STS (Search Tracking System) was developed as a tool to provide searching of the customer details from the company wide Databases. The request will be placed by the FINCEN (Financial Crimes Enforcement Network) to find out for people who are involved in financial crimesand the customization code written on ASP.NET, C#, Java Script, XML and SQL Server 2012.    Responsibilities:  • Involved in Analyzing user requirements, Design, Technical Specifications, Development, Unit Testing, and Integration.  • Configured the Archer modules based on the customer requirements.  • Developing a new WPF/Silverlight/XAML application using MVVM design pattern.  • Created data binding functions in WPF to better facilitate the separation of view layer development from the rest of the pattern, by removing virtually all GUI code.  • Deployment of Web Services for online transactions using C# and exposed them through SOAP, WSDL and HTTP.  • Developed ASPX, code behind pages, components using MS Visual Studio .Net.  • Extensively used MS XML DOM and Xpath for parsing XML documents to get node values, element attributes and used XSLT, XML Schema for transforming the XML documents.  • Automation of sending emails to the approvers using .Net Mail Message object.  • Written client-side User Input Validations using Java Script.  • Responsible for writing database and core components in C#.  • Exported all the module search results data to excel sheet.  • Involved in Database design and created Stored Procedures, keys, sequences, views, and Triggersin the database.  • Extensively used Visual Source Safe(VSS) Control  • Effort estimation, scheduling and involved in Unit Testing.    Environment:Visual Studio 2012,.Net Framework 4.0, C#, Web Services, WPF, MVVM, Sliverlight, JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, CSS, XSLT, Xpath, XSD, XML, SOAP, Entity Framework, LINQ, SQL Server2012, T-SQL, TFS, IIS. Web Developer Policybazaar Ins Web Aggregator Private Lim February 2011 to December 2012 Insurance web application consists of several sites individually dealing in various types of insurable like, Auto Insurance, Industries etc. This application is used for booking, tracking and renewing Insurance policies of several items.    Responsibilities:  • Involved in understanding and analyzing the clients' business, requirements for the system.  • Involved in Design and Developing components of this application using ASP.Net, C#.Net, JavaScript, COM/COM+, XSLT.  • Responsible to deliver the give modules without slipping the deadlines and withoutexceeding the estimated effort.  • Application design based on n-tier Architecture.  • Developed secured web services using .Net, C#, XML/SOAP.  • Designed and development of Win Forms/ Web Forms using C#, JavaScript for the user interface using the Code behind Class technique.  • Written code to access secure web services with .NetWeb Forms using C#and WSDL, Proxy Class, XML/SOAP.  • Designed web forms by implementing HTML and JavaScript.  • Involved in preparation of cascade style sheet (CSS) files.  • Implemented business, database access layer classes in C# usingADO.NET, UML class diagrams andsequence diagrams.  • Involved in Code review phase.  • Written SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Backup and Restore Database, Definingroles, creating database users, Assigning Roles to users using SQL Server 2008.  • Involved in Performance testing for different bandwidths by using the bandwidth controller.  • Performed debugging and tracing, unit and integration testing.    Environment:Visual Studio 2010, .NET Framework 4.0, JavaScript, HTML, DHTML, CSS, C#, ASP.NET, ADO.NET, XML, SQL Server 2008, Web Services, XML/SOAP, IIS6.0, SVN. Jr.Net Developer Citadel Health Ltd May 2009 to February 2011 Inpatient Billing is a module for generating bills for all the Inpatients. Billing will be activated the moment a patient is admitted in to the Hospital. It will capture all the billable services like Test Requisitions, Medicines, Operation theatre charges, Physician consulting charges, Surgeon charges, Room Charges, etc. which are provided to the patient and the bill will be generated automatically from time to time. Patient bill will be calculated based on the admitted room type and the charges may vary from room to room. It also has an option of giving service wise discount in amount or percentage. Finally, a printout of the bill will be generated with unique bill number and service charges, discount amount given, amount already paid and total due amount to be paid by the patient and Insurance Company.    Responsibilities:  • Involved in complete SDLC - Requirement Analysis, Development, System and Integration Testing.  • Designed and Developed the GUI using the ASP.NET 3.5 features like Master Pages, CSS and HTML for achieving uniformity through all the Web pages.  • Developed ASP.NET pages using Visual Interdev and web forms using Visual Studio.  • Used ADO.NET extensively to access the SQL Server database.  • Used Innovative validation techniques for User Input Validations.  • Written class modules to implement the common functions used in the entire application to speed up the development process.  • Created Stored Procedures to perform automated rules, updating to related tables using SQL Server 2008 using T-SQL.  • Developed various complex reports using Printer Object.  • Involved in Unit Testing.  • Used VSS as verisonControling tool.  Environment: Visual Studio 2008, .NET Framework 3.5, SQL Server 2008, ASP.NET, ADO.NET, HTML, CSS, C#, Printer Object, ODBC, and MS Visual SourceSafe(VSS). Education Bachelor's Skills .NET (8 years), C# (8 years), MS SQL SERVER (8 years), SQL (8 years), SQL SERVER (8 years), Visual Studio 2015, .N Framework 4.6.1, C#, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript,Angular2.0/4.0, Bootstrap, jQuery,ASP.NETMVC 6, ASP.NET WEB APIs, AJAX, JSON, REST, Entity Framework, LINQ, MS SQL Server 2016,T-SQL, Agile Methodologies, Git,TFS. Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    • Languages:C#, T- SQL and PL/SQL.  • Web Skills:ASP.NET, MVC, Web Forms, WEB APIs, WCF, Web Services, HTML, DHTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular JS, Bootstrap, XML, XSL, WSDL, SOAP, REST, JSON.  • Relational Databases: SQL Server, SQL server DTS,Oracle 8.0/9i  • IDE tools: MS Visual Studio 2017/2015/2012/2008 and SQL Server Management Studio(SSMS)  • DB Concepts:ADO.NET,Entity Framework, RDO, DAO and ODBC.  • DB Designing Tools: ERWIN 4.0 and VISIO 2000/2006.  • Reporting Tools: Crystal Reports 8.0/11.0 and Brio Reports, SSRS.  • Methodologies:Agile, Waterfall and Scrum.  • Version Control Tools: VSS, SVN, TFS, Git,Bitbucket.  • Operating Systems: Windows 10/8/7, UNIX, Linux.