Audit Clerk Audit Clerk Audit Clerk - Ritmo Latino Wireless Spring Lake, NJ Work Experience Audit Clerk Ritmo Latino Wireless - Shrewsbury, NJ May 2014 to Present Data capturing, analyzing and Compilation of databases  ? Generating accurate and timely commission and bonus payments for review and approval  ? Proficiently communicating and resolving commission related issues  ? Compilation of reconciliations between accounts Web developer Penta Asesores - Bogotá, CO June 2011 to 2013 Colombia  ? Programming and development campaigns and web site to clients  ? Enhance existing websites; troubleshoot and resolve reported issues  ? Working as a team with web designer  ? Customer service related to high-quality technical solutions Media and Office Manager NOSOTROS Publication and Media - Asbury Park, NJ August 2010 to June 2011 Performed proofreading for media articles and stories from publication both online and for print  ? Build and maintain the SQL database for community membership  ? Performed office, program, project coordination and management  ? Researched companies for marketing purpose and media distribution  ? Computer and Network administrator updating computer system  ? Answered phones and directed calls accordingly Education Cisco Certified Network Associate Pontificia Universidad Javeriana - Bogota, CO 2020 AAS degree Brookdale Community College - Lincroft, NJ 2016 Skills C++, Php, Visual basic, Microsoft visual basic, Html5, Linux, Java, Css, Photoshop, Adobe photoshop, Microsoft office Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/reyesolga Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILL Microsoft Office. Microsoft Visual Basic.NET. Adobe Photoshop. C++. Java. HTML5. CSS. Java Script. PHP. Basic knowledge of Linux    QUALIFICATIONS  ? Experienced in programming and development of website  ? Analyzed problems, troubleshooting and resolved website issues  ? High level of customer service ability  ? Able to multitask in fast-paced environment  ? Work well in team or independently  ? Managed database by organizing specific fields and information  ? Creative with strong work ethics  ? Familiar with office/business procedures  ? Organized and focused on coordinating projects