Stocker/Cashier Stocker/Cashier Over 5 years of experience in all facets of Web Development Bronx, NY Over 5 years of experience in all facets of web development, from personally meeting with clients to discussing their goals in having a web presence, to research and analysis, design, development, testing, and implementation of code and applications, as well as a variety of graphic design and artwork. Has been both a team leader and a team member, and knows what it takes to get things done. Doesn’t only create working inter/intranet sites, but creates better ones and continually strives to improve a site's usability, functionality, and navigation throughout its lifecycle. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Stocker/Cashier 99 Cent Papa - Bronx, NY October 2017 to Present I work as both Cashier and Stocker in the 99 Cent Store. I also handle inventory when required Web Developer Xanda Ltd June 2016 to August 2017 is a digital creative and development agency based in London providing  integrated digital services to businesses with ambitions to compete online.    JOB DUTIES  ? Develop websites/ WordPress projects/ PHP Projects etc as requested.  ? Contribute to the provision of services sold by Xanda Ltd.  ? Always act in the best interest of the agent. Assistant ICT Lecturer Nifty ICT Solutions October 2014 to December 2014 To contribute effectively to the successful learning experiences of students in Nifty  School of Computer Technology.    JOB DUTIES  ? To teach a range of daytime and evening Information and Communication  Technology programmes.  ? To make a significant contribution to curriculum development and course co- ordination.  ? Tutorial and personal development work with a range of students.  ? To contribute effectively to the team's collective responsibility for o Marketing activities  o Regular meetings  o The induction of new students  o Delivering course programmes  o Course and student records and associated administration  o Recruitment and interviewing of students  o The assessment of students  o Monitoring student progress  o The evaluation of course programmes  ? Undertake application development as may be periodically required by the  ? Research and Development Department  ? To work on the development of existing and new programmes.  ? Any other duty assigned by Management IT Technician Gambia Civil Aviation Authority August 2009 to September 2014 JOB DUTIES  ? Set up hardware and install and configure software and drivers  ? Maintain and repair technological equipment (e.g. routers) or peripheral devices  ? Install well-functioning LAN/WAN and other networks and manage  components (servers, IPs etc.)  ? Manage security options and software in computers and networks to maintain privacy and protection from attacks  ? Perform regular upgrades to ensure systems remain updated  ? Troubleshoot system failures or bugs and provide solutions to restore functionality  ? Arrange maintenance sessions to discover and mend inefficiencies  ? Keep records of repairs and fixes for future reference  ? Offer timely technical support and teach users how to utilize  computers correctly Education Certificate in Computer Gambia Technical Training Institute 2012 to 2013 Certificate West African International College September 2008 to 2009 Senior Secondary Certificate Examination in WASSCE Gambia Senior Secondary School September 2006 to 2008 Gambia Methodist Academy September 2005 to July 2006 Leaving Certificate St. Augustine's Upper Basic School September 2002 to July 2005 Skills HTML 5 (7 years), CSS3 (7 years), Javascript (7 years), AngularJS (3 years), ReactJS (4 years), Photoshop (3 years), PHP (6 years), Wordpress (6 years), MySQL (6 years), JIRA (2 years), Git (5 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), PC Repairs (8 years), Networking (7 years), SASS (4 years), Search Engine Optimization (5 years), Bootstrap (4 years), Sketch (4 years) Links http://www.manjang.co Additional Information KEY COMPETENCIES AND SKILLS  PC Technician  ? Set up hardware and install and configure software and drivers  ? Maintain and repair technological equipment (e.g. routers) or peripheral devices  ? Install well-functioning LAN/WAN and other networks and manage  components (servers, IPs etc.)  ? Manage security options and software in computers and networks to maintain privacy and protection from attacks  ? Perform regular upgrades to ensure systems remain updated  ? Troubleshoot system failures or bugs and provide solutions to restore functionality  ? Arrange maintenance sessions to discover and mend inefficiencies  ? Keep records of repairs and fixes for future reference  ? Offer timely technical support and teach users how to utilize  computers correctly    Web Development  ? Knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, PHP, Ruby, AngularJS, WordPress  theme development, Android Programming, MySQL, MS SQL, Git, Jira, MS  Office Package, PhotoShop, etc.  ? Awareness of the Web Development industry, and new technologies.  ? Social Media Monetization Strategies.  ? Knowledge of Search Engine Optimization.  ? Strategically thinking through all parts of the design process.  ? Knowledge of online payment processing.    Professional  ? Able to organize own workload effectively and prioritize tasks.  ? Can quickly understand business requirements and then translate these  into functional requirements.  ? Having a passion for customer service & responding quickly to enquiries.  ? Can manage multiple projects in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment.  ? Adaptable and able to quickly pick up new techniques.  ? Understanding of W3C standards, web accessibility & best practice.    Personal  ? Passionate about doing a good job.  ? First rate interpersonal and communication skills, able to easily interact with fellow developers and customers alike.  ? Comfortable with being the 'go to' person in a company.  ? Strongly committed to all projects from inception right through to the end.  ? Confident, friendly and easy to get along with.