IT - Web Developer IT - <span class="hl">Web</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> IT - Web Developer Brooklyn, NY Work Experience IT - Web Developer InGlove Group - New York, NY January 2019 to July 2019 • Designed an interface template for the organization's main website and maintained a smooth functionality of the site.  • Envisioned and produced the template in the following markup languages: HTML and CSS and programming language: Javascript library, Query.  • Created a blogging functionality to keep enthusiast up to date on the progress of the organization. The functionality was created with the following back-end programming languages: PHP and SQL for Data manipulation.  • Used previous experience to market the website on Google for successful conversion rate which was the number of subscriptions. Please see below. KYC/ AML Consultant Pride Technologies LLC - New York, NY January 2018 to December 2018 • Composed a KYC report on the following client types: Private equity and Hedge Funds, Banks and Credit Unions, Foundations and Investment Managers.  • Completed KYC reports for nearly 1000 clients, submitting at least 8 KYC reports to the Quality Control team per day.  • Preformed Quality Control on KYC reports for all client types and ensured that information was consistent.  • Ensured proper escalation, vetting and approval of Negative News and AML/Sanction Alerts.  • Partnered with Financial Advisers to ensure appropriate client onboarding due diligence processes are enacted while providing a positive client experience.  • Maintained and currently maintain up to date knowledge of anti-money laundering related requirements including BSA, USA Patriot Act, OFAC, SEC, FINRA, FinCEN and applicable U.S. international regulations. Appliances Connection - Brooklyn, NY June 2017 to December 2017 • Managed Google Ad Words Pay per click marketing campaigns to reach the targeted audience.  • Maintained the cost of advertising under the given budget of $500,000 and managed to save additional $200,000 with suggested changes to the campaign strategies.  • Composed Excel reports of campaigns performance over short and long period of time.  • The Excel report was composed using various Excel functions and Formulas such as VLOOKUP, IF & ElSE statements and COUNTIF statements, in addition to Mathematical and logical operators.  • Analyzed and reported the performance of the ad for each product using Python and Excel Macros. Data Entry Intern Enterprise Technology Research - New York, NY 2014 to May 2017 • Preformed a wide research of Tech companies to determine their mission, the quality of the business, satisfaction of their customers and internal employees that had public profiles available on LinkedIn.  • Data analysis of Tech companies, their infrastructure and market performance with Python web scarping using requests and BS4 module and data analysis with Pandas and NumPy module.  • Preformed administrative tasks to maintain a productive workflow and ensure the task is completed efficiently and with highest quality. Education Bachelor of Computer Information Systems in Computer Information Systems New York City College of Technology - Brooklyn, NY September 2015 to Present Edwards R Murrow High School September 2010 to December 2019 Skills Html, Javascript, Php, Python, Vba, Xml, Sql, Css, Excel, Microsoft excel, Powerpoint, Word Additional Information COMPUTER AND LANGUAGE SKILLS  Foreign Language: Fluent in Georgian, Russian, and English.  Computer: Proficient in Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, and Word  Programming languages: Python, JavaScript, PHP, SQL and VBA for Excel Macros  Mark Up language: HTML, CSS and XML.