WordPress Developer/ Web Designer (Free-lancer) WordPress <span class="hl">Developer</span>/ <span class="hl">Web</span> Designer (Free-lancer) WordPress Developer/ Web Designer (Free-lancer) - UpWork - Alliance, Ohio Alliance, OH To obtain a position in computer technology that will enable me to use strong organizational skills, educational background and ability to work well with people Work Experience WordPress Developer/ Web Designer (Free-lancer) UpWork - Alliance, Ohio January 2014 to Present • Responsible for working on a range of projects, designing appealing websites and interacting on a daily basis with IT team members, back-end developers and marketers    • Developing and maintaining the front end functionality of websites  • Participating in discussions with clients to clarify what they want  • Create PSD Web Design Mock-ups to clients needs  • Developing websites that have a consistent feel and look throughout all  • Worked on multiple projects simultaneously to a high standard Web Designer and Web Developer (WordPress) Contract Aventura Technologies Inc - Commack, NY April 2018 to February 2019 Managed and maintained 22 of their Wordpress site daily  ? Performed front-end development for interactive web applications to improve functionality and user experience using HTML, CSS, and JQuery  ? Created complex graphics and professional designs for a variety of businesses, organizations, professionals and individuals, including custom graphic and logo design.  ? Assess, estimate and create proposals with accurate time estimates  ? Code the website using the most appropriate CMS  ? Experience creating InDesign Work for there catalog for their products  ? Create PSD Mock-ups for website design work Web Developer WordPress, BigCommerce May 2017 to January 2018 Oversee design and development processes for clients  ? Communicate with Clients to work out the details of their development needs  ? Assess, estimate and create proposals with accurate time estimates  ? Code the website using the most appropriate CMS  ? Experience developing e-commerce websites  ? On the forefront of current development and coding trends Education Associate of Applied Science in Computer Programming and Database in Computer Programming and Database Stark State College - North Canton, OH May 2014 Certificate Devry University - Independence, OH May 2013 Skills PHP (5 years), Javascript, MySQL, Wordpress (5 years), CSS3, JQuery, Photoshop, Indesign, Adobe, HTML5, Website, Word Press Additional Information Here is my Portfolio: http://larrythecoder.net/