ServiceNow Developer ServiceNow <span class="hl">Developer</span> ServiceNow Developer - Vertex Pharmaceuticals Boston, MA • 8 Years of IT experience in Software Design, Development, Analysis, Testing and Implementation  • End to End Development and Customization of ITSM and Non ITSM applications per ITIL.  • A ServiceNow Technology Analyst with experience on implementing end-to-end Service Catalog, Incident Management, Configuration & Asset Management, Change Management and Release Management with extensive knowledge on Content Management System.  • Wrote business rules to avoid empty configuration items to be inserted into CMDB after discovery tool runs a scheduled job  • CMDB/Asset form re-engineering, role based approach, enhancements.  • Worked with Application Owners to restructure CMDB based on Company's Architecture.  • Gathering requirements and converting BRD's into technical requirements. Created design patterns & implementation plans for ServiceNow enhancements.  • Design and engineer solutions leveraging all appropriate components offered by Service-Now to answer the needs for business workflows, ticketing or other ITSM requirements.  • Developing JavaScript and configuring workflows to implement additional features, customizations and enable the process flow.  • Post roll out production support. Experience of handling Bug Fixes and Enhancement requests  • Experience in configuring the Incident Management, Problem Management, Change Management, Asset Management, Service Request Management applications and BMC Atrium CMDB  • Expert in designing, developing, maintaining and optimizing the Universes using Designer module.  • Experience interfacing with stakeholders, system analysts, senior management with excellent communication and interpersonal skills.  • Implementation and customization of ServiceNow modules and features (e.g., CMDB, Knowledge, Discovery, Orchestration)  • ServiceNow Orchestration with Windows Active Directory  • Experience with Windows Active Directory automation using ServiceNow Orchestration. Work Experience ServiceNow Developer Vertex Pharmaceuticals - Boston, MA January 2019 to Present Responsibilities:    • Technical expert with responsibility of delivering the Strategic, Project and improvements in Service Now.  • Responsible for delivering and providing technical expertise for the ServiceNow platform from both strategy and day to day operations perspective.  • Extensively worked on Incident Management, Problem Management, Change Management, Knowledge Management, CMDB & Asset Management.  • Have done customizations using client-side scripting features available in Servicenow and Designed and implemented new functionality using Business Rules, UI Policies, and Access Lists etc.  • Has Experience in performing ServiceNow administration activities as per the suggested best practices.  • Experience on GRC module ,involved in Audit and Risk management.  • Created various workflows for Incident Management, Change Management, Service Requests and SLA's.  • Facilitated rollout of new applications and modules in ServiceNow platform.  • Involved in Project Portfolio Management.  • Experience in implementing end-to-end Service Catalog.  • Develop systems integrations and process automation.  • Demonstrated experience with ServiceNow integration using LDAP, MS Active Directory, ADFS, Single Sign-on and web services integrations.  • Integration (interfacing) of enterprise software systems with ServiceNow  • Experience working in and managing multiple update sets and coordinating their promotion throughout multiple instances.  • Excellent knowledge of ServiceNow Best Practices and ongoing knowledge of latest ServiceNow features  • Maintained HR Service Portal according to the business needs with customizations and enhancements  • Managed onshore and offshore teams for development and administrative work for ServiceNow ServiceNow Developer Anixter - Chicago, IL June 2018 to January 2019 Responsibilities:    ? Worked on identifying the users, groups, categories and following the ITIL standards while designing these solutions.  ? Participated in Service Now Quick Start Implementation process and worked with the process of implementation of Incident, Change, Problem, Knowledge and Service -Catalog.  ? Developed lot of client Scripts, UI Policies, Script Includes, Business Rules across the application as per the requirement.  ? Involved in migration process of SharePoint to ServiceNow.  ? Communication with Business Clients and first point of contact/interface for application issues and outages between Business and Technology Team.  ? Incident Management and Problem Management activities.  ? Worked on enhancement of change workflows.  ? Experience in requirements gathering, analysis, solution design, development, implementation, setup, testing, customization, maintenance, and support and data migration.  ? Created record producer application for some teams as a special requirement.  ? Worked on internal portal for accessing all the business Services by using ServiceNow Content Management Application.  ? Administered HI Service Now account for scheduling cloning and applying patches for the Service Now instances.  ? Involved in migration between various ServiceNow instances using Update Sets  ? Worked on CMDB and Asset management. Performed Data migration to import data from other applications and external databases.  ? Responsible for regular administration of the instances and making sure that everything is in sync between all the instances.  ? Publishing new incidents in the Problem Management report and updating the same in Known Error Database and Root Cause Analysis report.  ? Follow-up on tickets being raised regularly for re-occurring incidents.  ? Created notifications based on user requirements and also configured inbound email actions to create incidents or requests. ServiceNow Developer Target November 2017 to June 2018 Responsibilities:  ? Involved in the complete end to end cycle of coding, testing, debugging, maintaining and refining the computer software in Service Now to produce the required product in an Agile development environment  ? Implemented, documented and maintained the Service-Now platform to meet specific business needs to support ITIL and business processes.  ? ADDM and CMDB Synchronization.  ? Maintenance of CMDB Synchronization.  ? As a part of Release module performed installation and testing of vendor-provided updates and new releases. Deploy new releases and enhancements into the ServiceNow live environment.  ? Release Management of new enhancements and code fixes.  ? Worked on CMDB and Asset management. Performed Data migration to import data from other applications and external databases.  ? Configuring HR Service Management, Asset Management, Project Portfolio Management (PPM), Incident and Knowledge Management, and Web Services Integration.  ? Worked on various modules of Oracle E-Business suite such as Customer Relationship Management (CRM), Project Portfolio Management (PPM), Financial management, Supply Chain Management (SCM) to ensure all business needs are met and extended the value of software investment.  ? Built custom workflows for IT Project portfolio management(PPM), budgeting, IT demand management, Resource capacity planning.  ? Developed the process and UI's for IT portfolio using ServiceNow Project & Portfolio Management application(PPM).  ? Utilized Java Scripting in Business Rules, Client scripts, UI Policies and UI Actions to deliver solutions that automate and audit business processes to customize the instance as per Business needs  ? Involved in working with process owners to develop workflow, implement the workflows in Service Applications and administer the tools and enhanced requests by java script.  ? Customized UI Appearance for Problem and Change Management Application which is simple, intuitive and easy to use.  ? Ensure staff assists clients with job development, which includes, resume/interview preparation, establishing job leads, employment placement, directing clients to appropriate training, etc.  ? Ensure staff are continuously in contact with clients (which should include but not be limited to home visits, client telephone conferences, client office visits and visits to client work site) per State requirements  ? Setting up Change Management along with Advanced Risk Assessment Calculator (on a script include level).  ? Configuration of Email Notification and Alerts to notify users about specific activities in the system such as updates to Change and Problem requests.  ? Responsible for access control, security, minor enhancements such as form or workflow editing, and UAT/Regression testing of any development.  ? Created transform maps both automatic field mapping and scripting.  ? Responsible for maintaining and growing data held within Service Now such as our users, locations, configuration items, service catalog items.  ? Created reports, workflows, data imports for Incident, Problem, Service Request, and Change Service Now modules  ? Responsible for gathering requirements and customizing Business Service Catalogs for AIG organization from the scratch.  ? Working experience with SAIF  ? Created and Maintained foundation data - User Accounts, Approvers, Support Groups, Sites, Production Categorizations, and Templates  ? Involved in providing the design solution, technical methodologies and processes solution to meet the customer requirements.  ? Should be able to assist team and client on technically and functionally for all the Service Management (Incident, Problem, Change, Asset, CMDB) applications, ITOM (Discovery, Service Mapping, Event Management and Orchestration) application.  ? Manage and coordinate activities during the overall ticket life cycle in Incident and Problem Management  ? Performing quality assurance testing and user acceptance testing.  ? Responsible for preparing design level, program-level and user-level documentation.    ? Created Procedure guidelines used in supporting Technology and Application issues.    ? Use business analysis skills to directly interface with customers to design and build applications that meet business goals and objectives. ServiceNow Developer PayPal - Dallas, TX September 2016 to November 2017 Responsibilities:  • Have conducted several use case test scenarios before going live in UAT instance.  • Strong knowledge of the server-side scripting Business rules and Script Includes. Experience in creating Ad-hoc reports, data-driven subscription reports by using Report Builder in SSRS.  • Experience in Integrating SQL Server Reporting Services with Microsoft Office Share Point Server (MOSS).  • Have conducted several use case test scenarios before going live in UAT instance.  • Extensive knowledge in ETL Process & Progressive knowledge in using DTS/SSIS utilities.  • Experience in Extraction & Migration of Data from heterogeneous data sources like Excel, MS Access, and Oracle.  • Have been instrumental in handling the entire upgrade activities and fixing the issues post upgrade.  • Responsible for the Service Now upgrade from Helsinki to Istanbul and Jakarta.  • Expertise in designing SQL Server SSIS packages to import and transform data between databases and external data sources.  • Worked on Inbound Email actions and out bound email triggering actions.  • Used Email integration to fulfil this requirement, worked on Inbound Email Actions Client Scripts and Email Notifications to fulfil the requirements.  • Responsible for creating homepage including basic reporting, gauge configuration and dash board presentation.  • Involved in running the daily and weekly jobs to push the data into the application using Import Sets and Transform Maps.  • Defined SLA, OLA and Contract for the customer.  • Involved in various ServiceNow customizations as per client's requirement.  • Used network protocols to know the connection between systems.  • Collaborated with application and infrastructure teams to provide architectural and technical guidance and oversight for ServiceNow solution implementation and customization.  • Configured Mid Server's on Dev, UAT and Production Instances and experience in ODBC and JDBC.  • Created reports, workflows, data imports for Incident, Problem, Service Request, and Change Service Now modules  ? Responsible for gathering requirements and customizing for CTI integration for organization from the scratch.  ? Created and Maintained foundation data - User Accounts, Approvers, Support Groups.  ? Create new service catalog requests and items with variables  ? Developed operational requirements documentation and train operational staff to maintain solution.  ? Configuration of Email Notification and Alerts to notify users about specific activities in the system  ? Use business analysis skills to directly interface with customers to design and build applications that meet business goals and objectives. ServiceNow Developer Intuit - Dallas, TX January 2016 to August 2016 Responsibilities:  • Involved in LDAP integration with ServiceNow for obtaining users and groups.  • Performs core configuration tasks including system policies, business rules, and client scripts.  • Managed data with Tables, the CMDB, Import Sets, and Update Sets.  • Worked on data sources to migrate the data from excel sheets to ServiceNow through transform map.  • Created workflow activities and approvals. Implemented new workflows that use a variety of activities to understand how records are generated from workflows.  • Expert in JavaScript, jQuery, prototype and Jelly scripting used in ServiceNow.  • Customize ServiceNow applications and facilitate rollout of new applications and modules and configure Application UI and Configure Workflow in Helsinki.  • Have been instrumental in handling the entire upgrade activities and fixing the issues post upgrade.  • Have conducted several use case test scenarios before going live in UAT instance.  • Performed migration activities (Dev to UAT to Prod).  • Used JavaScript and Glide Script to create Business Rules, Client Scripts, UI Policies and UI Actions.  • Successful oversight of several ServiceNow implementations including upgrades to Helsinki and Istanbul.  • Worked on creating users, roles, groups and Configured LDAP Server and LDAP Listener for updating the user and group table record.  • Configured end to end process for Knowledge management, and worked on the knowledge Centered Support (KCS) plug-in.  • Expertise on using DISCOVERY to load configuration information to CMDB.  • Development and design of Self Service Portal. Developed several client-side scripting, catalog scripts, UI scripts, server side scripting based on business rules.  • Creating custom Tables, Fields and configuring Access Controls over them.  • Development/Integration of Web services for B2B communication for Change Management using inbound and outbound actions with script Includes and Sonic for the synchronization between third party and the ServiceNow Change application by processing XML Tags containing the full information of the record.  • Created functional and technical specifications documents for various Service Now modules.  • Coordinating the instance upgrade activities.  • Configuring Project Portfolio Management (PPM), Incident and Knowledge Management, and Web Services Integration.  • Gathered requirements for SLA and configured in ServiceNow.  • Worked on User Management to add, update and deactivate users in ServiceNow. Worked on Macros and formatters.  • Involved in creation of reports, dashboards in ServiceNow.  • Manages data with tables, CMDB, Import Sets, and Update Sets.  • Experienced in working on the ITIL process configuration, Change Management system.  • Responsible for the design, development, and implementation of mappings transformations based on source-to-target specifications.  • Functional knowledge experience and implementation experience of ITSM frameworks, Service Watch and Service Mapping.  • Proficient in designing and developing Service Catalog using best practices in development.  • Performs core configuration tasks including system policies, business rules, and client scripts.  • Key contributor in Service Integration ITSM Tools team including configuring ITSM tools to engage effectively over the Service Integration Layer, building Web Services for different technologies and providing support for demos to internal stake holders as well as client stake holders Servicenow Admin Soft Solutions - Chennai, Tamil Nadu September 2013 to October 2015 Responsibilities:  • Implementation, Customization and Maintenance of ITSM modules such as Incident, Change, Problem, Knowledge, Service Catalog, CMDB in ServiceNow.  • Software configuration/ customization including UI customization, workflow administration, data imports, custom scripting, third party software integrations, homepage customization.  • Coordinating the instance upgrade activities.  • Created functional and technical specifications documents for various ServiceNow modules.  • Worked on change management module by enhancing the tool to the stakeholders and made it easy to understand.  • Worked on DISCOVERY and set up mid servers and check for the connectivity.  • Assigned Roles to groups and grant CRUD permissions using ACL.  • Configured metrics for indicating KPI of the Industry in different measure.  • Knowledge on PowerShell commands and WMI and SSH permission issues.  • Configured workflows for request, approval automation, alerts and notifications.  • Collaborate with the GRC team on the development of the GRC solution.  • Defined and configured Discovery schedules and Worked on Discovery and check for the connectivity.  • Configured multiple Catalog Items Front-end web / GUI components using JavaScript, CSS, and HTML5.  • Worked on UI Macros to create pages as templates on requirement from the stake holders.  • Worked on data sources for import sets to load data into ServiceNow thru JDBC and from the Excel spreadsheets.  • Experience in Pulling reports and scheduling the reports as per the client requirement.  • Also worked on Asset Management and loaded the data into it.  • Developed and maintained APIs and data integration processes between Service now and other services. s  • Worked on Web Services integration testing which involves SOAP and REST API's, and built Business Rules, Script Includes, UI Actions and other modules to support data synchronization and business logic.  • Created scheduled reports. Created Knowledge articles to document the steps in creating the catalog items.  • Created different kinds of variables and variable sets. Used variable sets across multiple catalogs. JAVA/ Web Developer Pune, Maharashtra June 2012 to August 2013 Responsibilities:  • Implemented MVC architecture by separating the business logic from the presentation layer using STRUTS.  • Developed the complete Exception module using the existing framework that embraces Java, JSP, JSTL, and Ajax.  • Developed Struts action classes and form beans.  • Worked on the Struts validations for billing and shipping page.  • Utilized Core J2EE designs patterns such as Singleton in the implementation of the services.  • Wrote stored procedures using PL/SQL for data retrieval from different tables.  • Worked on the Web Services using the WSDL.  • Worked on the SQL queries and triggers using the DB2 database.  • Implemented a message producer sending XML messages to a JMS queue.  • Used Apache Camel for routing, transformation of messages between different transport mechanisms  • Collaborated with Web designers to create the JSP pages, applying HTML, JavaScript and Struts Tags.  • Developed distributed components using EJB, used RMI as middle-ware and deployed them on BEA Websphere server.  • Involved in creating/deploying jar, war and ear files in Web Sphere Application server  • Worked on various bug fixing on the shipping and billing page..  • Designed and developed user interface using asynchronous technologies i.e. Ajax and Struts Frameworks.  • Designed and developed interface components using HTML, JSP and JSTL tags framework.  • Involved in integrating external systems using SOA ( Web services, WSDL, SOAP, UDDI, and XML).  • Responsible for developing design patterns MVC, DAO, Singleton, Factory etc.  • Developed and modified SQL queries and Stored Procedures.  Have integrated the Apache wicket with ORM hibernate framework for persistence API.  • Used Spring MVC framework and Struts framework for design and development of web application.  • Involved in developing Static and Dynamic pages using JSP.  • Rebranded the client website as per changes in the company using HTML 5, CSS3, Bootstrap and Javascript.  • Developed alert system for the client when they logged in the portal.  • Developed the User Interface using Flex on MVC architecture.  • Used the Android SDK for the application development.  • Focused more on Apache Wicket framework and responsible for designing the technical specification and implementation of the module.  • Developed and implemented many PhoneGap and Titanium applications along with Java and Objective-C plug-ins for iPad, iPhone and Android platforms.  • Performed research on the web portal to expose the bug inside the system.  • Worked on bug fixing for JIRA tickets on production level.  • Used RESTful web services to expose certain functionalities of the application.  • Implemented object/relational persistence and query service using Hibernate.  • Worked in team to provide automation strategies, Selenium/Cucumber Automation    • Involved in defining test automation strategy and test scenarios, created automated test cases, test plans and executed tests using Selenium WebDriver.  • Worked on Test-Driven Development in Agile-Scrum with XP methodology.  • Worked on the daily assigned duties by the client.  • Extensively experienced in providing support to production code. Education Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology in Siddhartha Engineering Southern Arkansas University Skills C++, Html, Javascript, Perl, Scripting, Vbscript, Xml, Database, Ms access, Ms sql server, Ms sql server 2000, Sql server, Sql server 2000, Oracle, Oracle 10g, Pl/sql, Sql, Ajax, Css, Java Additional Information Skill set: ServiceNow  Location: Boston M  E-mail ID: sushmaservicenow55@gmail.com    TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Specialties: ServiceNow, Oracle Apps  Languages: C, C++, Java, Java, SQL, PL/SQL, XML, HTML, CSS, AJAX  Scripting Languages: JavaScript, Jelly,  Database: Oracle 10g/ 9i/8i, MS Access, MS SQL Server 2000/2005, CMDB  Database Tools: TOAD, SQL*Plus10g/9i  Web Technologies: VBScript, PERL  Operating System: Unix, Linux and Win9x/NT/2K/XP  Packages: MSOffice (Word, Access, Excel Outlook and PowerPoint)    SERVICENOW TRAININGS ATTENDED:    ? Service Now Scripting.