UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - Cotiviti Health Care Blue Bell, PA • Around 6 years of experience in the Web Applications Development using HTML 4.01/5, CSS (2/3), XHTML, JavaScript, Angular JS,JQuery, AJAX, XML and JSON.  • Experience with full software development life-cycle, architecting scalable platforms, object oriented programming, and agile methodologies  • Strong experience with JQuery, JQuery plugins (Validator, Drag and Drop, AutoComplete), AJAX, Dynamic HTML (DHTML) and JSON.  • Experience with Responsive Web Design, JSON, AJAX, Angular JS, React JS and Twitter Bootstrap.  • Experience in Graphic and User Experience Design and Transforming Web/Graphic Designers static prototypes into hand-coded HTML, specifically emphasizing accuracy and efficiency & adhering to W3C-established web standards with respect to maintaining cross-browser/cross-platform compatibility and delivering final page templates, including optimized images.  • Experience in Applications using AJAX, Object Oriented (OO) JavaScript, JSON, JSONP, and XML.  • Experience in working MVC Architecture and also in using version control(SVN)  • Experience in developing Ext-JS components like Grids, Toolbars, Panels, Combo-Box and Button etc.  • Worked on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes, Pseudo Elements and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  • Involvement in using various IDE's, Dreamweaver, Notepad++, eclipse, Net Beans.  • Utilized the latest front end Technologies such as HTML5 and CSS3 for layouts.  • Thorough knowledge of Spring/Hibernate and similar frameworks.  • Involved in designing the user experience interface UI/UX strategy, UI requirements, converting findings into UI designs  • Experience in CSS pixel-level layout, Consistency with browsers, Version and Platform Independence.  • Hands on experience on CSS preprocessors such as SASS and LESS.  • Skilled in leading frameworks as React, Angular, to build high-qualiity, scalable and reusable components and Front-end solution.  • Used the latest HTML5 elements for video playback, content rendering using semantic tags such as article, section etc  • Specialized in developing Web 2.0 Apps using core JQuery along with AJAX/Javascript.  • Client side technologies such as JavaScript, HTML, XML, XSL, Web Services etc.  • Ability to write clear, well-documented, well-commented and efficient code for web development.  • Experience with User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and Accessibility Testing.  • Experience in implementing RESTful, SOAP web services  • Good written and oral communication skills and Interpersonal skills with a strong ability to excel through collaboration with team member. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI Developer Cotiviti Health Care November 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Developing web pages customer access using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Angular.JS for single page application.  • Developed single page applications from start to finish to give it a new look using HTML5/CSS3/Angular.JS.  • Used controlled version tool like SVN to maintain our versions.  • Designed Frontend with in object-oriented JavaScript Framework using Angular.JS.  • Excellent experience in developing applications that meet the requirements as specified by Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0.  • Developed the front-end by doing hands-on coding using HTML 5.0, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS.  • Worked on Responsive Web Design to make website Responsive for Desktop, mobile and Tablets using Bootstrap.  • Performed form validations using reactive forms for sign in and inputting ticket rising information from Angular 4.0 framework.  • Experience working with Angular 4 with extensive experience on latest ES6 features and Angular 4 directives, dependency Injections, services, routings, pipes, forms, animations etc.  • Worked on Angular 4 by consuming RESTful web services and used Angular 4 forms like template drive forms, modern driven forms to perform form validations both on server side and client side.  • Developing the components using Angular 2 needed for the application from the scratch and customizing from various Angular related libraries to meet the application's functionality.  • Converted grunt build tasks to gulp to decrease build times in an angular node project. Created tasks for updating tsconfig tracked files based on glob and compiling typescript files.  • Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular 2.  • Created services with Angular 2 injectable property, as to make the service available for dependency injection when creating components.  • For the back-end use Node JS, Express, MongoDB and Mongoose to provide RESTful API.  • Used Node JS to build different REST APIs for modules such as user, products, and checkout.  • Implement modules into NodeJS to integrate with designs and requirements.  • Worked with modules like MongoDB and mongoose for database persistence using Node Js to interact with MongoDB.  • Eager to build commercial applications with ES6, Web pack /Gulp, Swagger, and SPAs like Angular.  • Worked extensively on numerous web technologies including HTML5, DHTML, XHTML, CSS 3.0, and JavaScript.  • Worked as a UI developer using AngularJS, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, XML, JSON, AJAX, Bootstrap, and SVN.  • Improved dependency injection for modular development and component isolation using AngularJS.  • Involved in web designing using HTML, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript and extensively used Table Less Design in CSS for positioning.  • Used JavaScript runner like Gulp for bootstrap our application.  • Worked with CSS background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors.  • Created Cross-Browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-base page layouts.  • Designed and enhance web application layout and forms using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript.  • Followed agile software development practice paired programming, test-driven development TTD and scrum status meetings.  • Involved in unit testing of the software modules using the Karma and Jasmine JavaScript frameworks.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, Bootstrap, Adobe, MS Office, IE 8 9 10, Firefox, Chrome, Web Services, windows, QlikView and Vsphere. UI/ WEB Developer Phoenix Marketing International - Oldsmar, FL December 2017 to October 2018 Responsibilities:  • Developing web pages by using HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, JavaScript and working knowledge of Backbone JS, Node JS, Bootstrap JS, Angular2, and Angular4  • Used AngularJS as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.  • Actively involved in using Angular4, Typescript, Bootstrap and HTML5 to enable client-side date to meet specific criteria by applying various validation variables.  • Implemented Angular components for UI services to consume REST services using Component based architecture by providing AngularJS.  • Enhanced an existing AngularJS application to follow strict MVC patterns for improved source code maintenance and enhanced performance.  • Developed various web pages and components using Angular2 by implementing predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager).  • Used JavaScript, CSS and Ajax for Web application development.  • Used Ajax & JSON communication for accessing RESTful web services data payload and to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on the fly.  • Adding ES6 features involving ERROR functions, Promises, Exports, Imports and TEMPLATE strings.  • Implemented AngularJS based $http service to make AJAX requests to call the web services/APIs to fetch the data and populate the UI. Utilized Web sockets andNode.js to provide real time support.  • Used Bootstrap to render grid system and run media queries to make the web portal responsive according to the size of the device.  • Designed and built components and use Templates to create UI application and extend HTML with directives and data binding.  • Worked on merging, committing the branches in the version control GIT and JIRA for issue assignment and development tracking.  • Used Grunt JS and the open source from GitHub to stream build system in front-end web development.  • Developed GUI using JavaScript, HTML5, DOM, XHTML, AJAX, CSS3 and jQuery.  • Designed a responsive website using Bootstrap grid system to layout contents that fit different devices including mobile, tablet and desktop.    Environment: AngularJS, Angular2, Node.JS, Express.JS, Typescript, ES6, HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, MySQL, SVN, Bootstrap, Jasmine, Grunt JS, GIT, NPM, MongoDB, Apache Tomcat. UI Developer ARRIS - Austin, TX February 2017 to November 2017 Responsibilities:  • Involved in developing the front-end applications using web technologies like HTML/HTML 5, and CSS/CSS3.  • Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using AJAX, JavaScript, and AngularJS.  • Created Master Pages, CSS Styles Sheets and Integrated to Silver light and got approval from Business Stake holders  • Extensively used CSS3 and Bootstrap for styling the HTML5 elements  • Worked on the MVC architecture of Angular JS in developing the apps, controllers and directives which are totally customized to meet the needs of the application  • Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using JQuery Plugins, AJAX, JavaScript, React JS and Angular JS.  • Creating custom, general use modules and components which extend the elements and modules of core Angular2 JavaScript.  • Used AngularJS as framework to create a Single Page Application (SPA) for binding data to specific views and synchronizing data with server.  • Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular 2.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Restful Web Services using AJAX, JSON.  • Developed front end along with pages for user interactions for the entire website usingHTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript.  • Designed Frontend with in object oriented JavaScript framework like Angular.JS, Node.js and Ext.JS.  • Responsible for converting designed mock-ups to HTML pages using HTML5, CSS3, and jQuery.  • Defined new validations through Angular.js for the form field validation implemented through HTML5.  • Developed Restful based web services and used JSON as the communication for REST mechanism.  • Redesigned medical records and patient information application producing UML task flows, wireframes, and design documentation  • Worked on Node JS technology for rendering server side support to the application  • Implemented the online application by using Core Java (OOPS), JDBC, JSP, Servlets, Web Services  • Brief experience on implementing the Angular.js in creating animations based on CSS classes.  • Used JQUERY and AJAX for service calls on pages to interact with the server for information.  • Interacted with java controllers (Ajax, and JSON to write/read data from back end systems) using RESTful Services.  • Developed CSS3 style sheets to give gradient effects. Developed page layouts, navigation and icons. Applied industry best practices and standards when project requirements were lagging  • Involved in designing and implementing Web2.0 Rich UI for the Self-service Application using JQuery Ajax framework and Widget based JavaScript programmed model.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, JavaScript, AJAX, AngularJS, Angular2, Angular4, Typescript, Node.js, EXT.js, Responsive Design, React JS, Bootstrap, Dom, XML, Firebug, DHTML, Adobe, Flash, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Oracle, Windows. UI Developer Infosys - IN September 2015 to December 2016 Responsibilities:  • Worked on presentation layer, developed dynamic UI modules using JSP/JS pages along with jQuery and DWR (AJAX) calls. All the modules are roles/permissions driven.  • Deployed the application in JBOSS application server.  • Built Rich Prototypes and Applications using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, AngularJS and Bootstrap with MySQL database. Used LESS, which converts to CSS.  • Familiar with Mobile Web Development using jQuery Mobile and Twitter Bootstrap.  • Using AngularJS, HTML5, CSS3 all HTML and DHTML is accomplished through AngularJS directives.  • Used AngularJS for DOM Manipulation, Filters, and Directives.  • Worked on AngularJS routes using $scope object to create a view using controllers.  • Used AngularJS (ngGrid) for Grid data displays all over the application.  • Used Bootstrap and media queries to create a responsive website that fit all users and devices from desktop to tablet and mobile phone.  • Used Angular JS Framework to develop applications  • Mastered the Grunt with commands for building and deploying the project.  • Developed front-end UI using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and AJAX.  • Updated trading pages using HTML5, CSS3 in Angular.js framework.  • Implemented the search functionality for Internal Application using Angular JS.  • Implemented server side caching using cache to cache data intensive query responses, minimizing number of hits to the backend.  • Worked in all phases of SDLC, including requirements analysis, design and development, bug fixing, supporting QA teams and debugging production issues.  • Developed integration unit test cases for the service layer functionality.  • Worked closely with back-end developers to find ways to push the limits of existing web technology in service of creating the best possible user experience.  • Manage the overall visual design for the application including all branding and navigational elements.  • Developed generalized script functions written in JavaScript which are used throughout the application.  • Worked with the JIRA tool for Quality Center bug tracking.  • Involved in writing the Unit test cases using Jasmine.  • Developing scripts for build, deployment, maintenance and related tasks using Jenkins.  • Involved in Application Support during the initial deployment of the application in production environment.    Environment: Angular JS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, HTML5, CSS, Apache Tomcat 8.0, nodeJS, Grunt, JBOSS, Maven, JSON, XML, GIT, Jenkins, WebStorm, Jasmine. Frontend WEB Developer HighPoints Technologies (P) Ltd May 2014 to May 2015 Responsibilities:  • Closely worked with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules have been built.  • Designed the front-end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML and CSS. Used advanced level of AJAX, JavaScript, AngularJS, Backbone.js, CSS and pure CSS layouts.  • Wrote JavaScript functions while implementing various UI Screens across the whole web application (both consumer facing as well as internal application).  • Worked with designers to constructs conceptual Wireframes and Mockups.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Created graphics including Icons, Images and logos using Adobe Flash Catalyst.  • Worked on AJAX controls like Update Panel to manage the post back of the web page to server, AJAX Script  • Designed Frontend with MVC Frameworks like Backbone.JS, Node.js and AngularJS.  • Used AngularJS to create server-side applications, making use of its libraries relating to HTTP, file system access, etc.  • Declaring dependencies in the project, specifying Start and Test scripts and updating dependencies to latest version.  • Developed certain features of the application functionality i.e. CRUD (Create, read, update, delete) features.  • Developed the project in agile methodology and was responsible for SCRUM meetings.  • Worked with the team of architects and back-end Developers to gather customer requirements and enhance the application functionality by adding new features.  • Experienced in using Node.js as proxy server and have worked on ETL tools.  • Participated in the status meetings and status updating to the management team.    Environment: Java, SQL, JavaScript, TypeScript, CSS, Bootstrap, AngularJS, Backbone.js, Require.js, Adobe Photoshop, AJAX. WEB/UI Developer Mayra Bussiness Services Pvt.Ltd June 2013 to April 2014 Responsibilities:  • Developed the application using template frameworks for JavaScript including Bootstrap, SQL, AngularJS, MVC, HTML, CSS, AJAX, JSON.  • Responsible for developing the pages using jQuery, Ajax, and JSON to parse on data on the frontend on the fly.  • Involved in complete Agile SDLC on Requirement Analysis, Development, System and Integration testing.  • Implemented AngularJS Scopes and AngularJS Expression.  • Used bootstrap to get the best and most efficient results.  • Developed Web Services using REST, WSDL and XML.  • Used complex Object-Oriented concepts in improving the performance of the websites.  • Worked with Firebug to locate the issues through different browsers.  • Created AngularJS Directives such as ng-app, ng-controller, ng-model, ng-init, ng-switch, ng-required, ng-checked, and ng-repeat in my module.  • Implemented AngularJS Routing and Filters.  • Created AngularJS Events such as ng-change and ng-click.  • Used grunt task runner for repetitive tasks like minification, compilation, unit testing.  • Worked with the QA team to fix the bugs, test the load, and performance checking.  • Used Jasmine for testing AngularJS cases.  • Used GIT Hub repository for the source code management and code reviewing.  • Designed and implemented the database interaction using triggers and stored procedures.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JAVA, GIT, XML, WSDL, XSD, JavaScript, Eclipse, Tomcat, Ajax, jQuery, Safari, Chrome, Apache Tiles, Bootstrap. Education Master's Skills Visual studio, Git, Javascript, Bootstrap, D3.js