Android Developer Android <span class="hl">Developer</span> Android Developer - HCL America/Samsung Keller, TX Work Experience Android Developer HCL America/Samsung September 2018 to Present Berkley Heights, NJ    Responsibilities:  • Working in team of Android Developers, team lead and User interface design team on Samsung applications. Have to make sure the applications are developed in compliance with company global requirements. Follow company security and information exchange policies while implementing solutions. Have to develop app for different carriers.  • Working on UI and backend of the applications using XML and Java.  • Using Gerrit and Perforce as version control management tool.  • Flash devices using binaries and Odin tool. Android Developer SleepScore Labs - Carlsbad, CA March 2017 to August 2018 SleepScore App    Sleepscore has few products. Working on its Android app. It's into Agile environment.There is a team of 2 other Android developers, we have co-ordinate with each other. We have to coordinate with designers, web developers, project manager, QA to accomplish features of the app.    Responsibilities:  • Worked on frontend using XML. Used Java for the backend. SQLite and shared Preferences to store user data on device. Used Room library to create and manage SQLite database.  • Used Dagger to instantiate classes and use it in the app.  • Used Retrofit to send and use data through APIs.  • Used Jira to view and manage stories.Worked on agile environment.  • Used bitbucket for version control.  • Migrated the code from Java to Kotlin. Route Planner SleepScore Labs - Carlsbad, CA October 2015 to March 2017 Android Developer    This app allows users to create and manage tasks. It gives notification on scheduled date. Make changes in existing task. It also allows user to add location for the task and shows map    Responsibilities:  • Used SQLite to store details of the task locally.  • Used Alarm manager to schedule notification on specified date.  • Used Intent Services to perform long running operations inside app.  • Used Job service to schedule database cleaning jobs on specified times.  • Used Logs to check output of data.  • Used Google Maps API to show maps and suggest locations. Web Developer SleepScore Labs - Carlsbad, CA January 2016 to March 2016 Responsibilities:  • Created use-cases for the same.  • Created front-end using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JSP.  • Created Backend using Java, Servlets, MySQL, JDBC.  • Used GitHub to upload code. Android Developer SleepScore Labs - Carlsbad, CA March 2014 to October 2015 Responsibilities:  • Used Java for web services and backend of the code.  • Used Restful web service to download data from Flickr API to download images and content related to that.  • Decode JSON from API to fetch data.  • Used Espresso to run unit and instrumental test cases to automate testing.  • Used Intent service to download data from API in the background. Used alarm manager to launch service every 15 minutes. Showing notifications of download using notification manager. Used Handlerthread and looper to download images.  • Used recyclerview to download and show images.  • Used Broadcast receiver to receive system Broadcasts on system startup and act accordingly. Android Developer SleepScore Labs - Carlsbad, CA October 2013 to March 2014 This app would have two kinds of users. One consumer and another is a business. Consumer and business both should register. Once registered both will get list of advertisements in their area. If they click on the ad they will get details of the business. Registering as a business have the advantage that they can post advertisements.    Responsibilities:  • Created mockups of the app using Balsamiq.  • Created UI of the app in XML also used images where needed like logo and settings button etc.  • Used Java to write backend of the code for the database, web services and Android OS features.  • Used MVC architecture by separating model - SQLite, Shared Preferences, view- XML layouts, controller - java using MVC architecture.  • Wrote web services to collect data from the device to store, edit, delete or fetch from the server database. It was  • hosted on XAMP on using MySQL. Wrote PHP scripts to perform operations on it. Collected data from PHP in JSON using Restful Web service and stored it in SQLite database on the device.  • Designed and Created functionalities like login, register, forgot password, search in the list of deals, refresh and view info.  • Used SharedPreferences to store data on the device.  • Used GitHub to share, upload and fetch data with the team. Android Developer SleepScore Labs - Carlsbad, CA December 2012 to October 2013 Android Application to notify friends and relatives in case of emergency via text messages and call.    Responsibilities:  • Created mock-ups of the app.  • Designed and integrated front end of the app using XML and images.  • Developed backend of the app using Java.  • Used MP3 file to make a sound on click of a button. Used Android's media player library to play and pause it.  • Used Android intent features to create functionalities like Refer to Friend, Feedback, Dial 911 and other numbers. Android Developer/Mobile Apps Developer GIDS/HV Infotech - Ahmedabad, Gujarat April 2011 to December 2012 India    Cashless Hospital Network  This app manages your policy info and expiry. Also, suggests which hospitals are available on your policy network. Shows hospital info such as their address, phone number, email, route on the map.    Responsibilities:  • Designed layout in Android from Images provided by the designer. Used XML and Images to create front end of the application.  • Used Java to control behavior and receive info from UI, send and receive data from web services and store data into SQLite database.  • To simplify the code and to separate it used MVC architecture to separate SQLite database, Layout files, Java code.  • Had to send data to validate on the server and download Hospital info. Used Web service to download the data, store it on SQLite database and sent it via Web service to the server for company database. Used JSON parsing library to parse the web service data.  • User can save info on the device using Android library. The user can call hospital no, email from info provided by the app.  • Used Google Maps API V2 to display hospital on map and user's location. Fetched user's location using device's GPS. Used API to draw a route from user to the hospital.  • Used Google Analytics to collect data of users worldwide.  • Used AdMob to display ads.  • Published the app and released updates as necessary.    Environment: Android ADT bundle, Eclipse, Java, Windows 7, PHP, SQLite, MySQL. PHP Web Developer/Joomla CMS Developer GIDS/HV Infotech January 2010 to April 2011 Creating and making changes to client websites.    Responsibilities:  • Collected images from the designer.  • Used Joomla package to create the website.  • Created CSS, HTML according to the requirement.  • Created and made changes to JQuery and JavaScript.  • Used FileZilla to upload the changes to client-server.    Environment: WordPress, Joomla, Windows 7, PHP, Dream Weaver. Skills Android, Java, Database, Mysql, Sqlite, .net, Visual studio, Android studio, C#, C++, Javascript, Php, Swift, Css, Mozilla, Bugzilla, Adt, Internet explorer, Retrofit, Excel Additional Information • Over 9+ years of experience in mobile and web development technologies.  • Worked in cross-functional teams. Gathered requirements from the project manager and product manger, designs and images from designers and Web development team to get links to web services. Worked with them to design the database and fields.  • Discussed requirements with different teams to create application and website. Created mockups and Use Cases from scratch.  • Experience in creating a Mobile application for Android platforms using Android Studio and Android SDK.  • Created UI of the application using XML in a way so it would support different screen sizes from smartphones to tablets.  • Used Java in Android SDK libraries to write backend code for the database, web services, control UI and more.  • Used RESTful Web services to send user data to the server. Used parsing techniques to parse data from Web services using JSON Parsing and XML parsing.  • Used SQLite as the database to store data locally on the device. Used MySQL as a database to store the data on the server. Wrote PHP scripts to retrieve data and hosted it on WAMP and XAMP server.  • Used Google maps V2 to display map and display route between two locations, AdMob to display ads and Google Analytics to collect statistics of application.  • Used Android's room library to create and manage database on SQLite. Used Retrofit to consume and send data through APIs. Used Dagger2 to instantiate classes.  • Used Espresso to run unit and instrumental tests on the app.  • Use CI/CD tools like Quickbuild.  • Used design patterns like MVC and have exposure to MVP.  • Used Emulator, Android Phone and tablet to test the application features.  • Experience with version control tools like GitHub, bitbucket, gerrit and Perforce.  • Web Development using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, JSP, Servlets. Used web servers like Glassfish and Apache.  • Used Bugzilla to upload the website to the server.  • Experience on writing programs using PHP, Swift, Kotlin.  • Experience in working with MS office products (Word, Excel, Outlook, Access, PowerPoint and Internet Explorer). Preparing separate reports.    TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Operating Systems: WINDOWS XP, 2007, Ubuntu, Mac OS Sierra.  Other Tools: Microsoft Office products (Word, Access, Excel, Outlook), Internet Explorer, Mozilla, Balsamiq, Genymotion, SQLite Database browser, Bugzilla.  Development Tools: Visual Studio 2012, WAMP Server, Dream Weaver, Notepad ++, Android ADT Bundle, Android Studio, NetBeans.  Database: MySQL, SQLite.  3rd Party Libraries: Retrofit, Dagger, RxJava.  Languages: C, C# .Net, PHP, JavaScript, CSS, Java, C++, Swift, Kotlin.