Sr. Software Engineer Sr. Software Engineer Sr. Software Engineer - The Krazy Coupon Lady Colorado Springs, CO Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Software Engineer The Krazy Coupon Lady - Colorado Springs, CO April 2019 to Present • Lead migration from a headless WordPress onto Graph CMS to allow marketing flexibility and remove hardcoded features from current system.  • Manage production team and interface with interdepartmental leadership to ensure a quality reflection of business logic in code bases in a way that encourages CI/CD.  • Provide insight and experience to rebuild the primary web product using React, Apollo, Next.js, GraphQL, and AWS Lambda Servers.  • Reverse engineer, debug, and document deployment processes and features for everything from the primary product to their Salesforce integrations. DevOps Manager The Colorado Springs Gazette - Colorado Springs, CO January 2019 to April 2019 • Oversee the creation of team deliverables including code development, architecture, documentation, and QA to high-quality standards.  • Develop and drive a strategic vision and continuous improvement roadmap that optimizes organization and system performance consistent with the strategy of the business.  • Ensure coverage of all aspects of application development and delivery allowing for fast, resilient, and scalable software applications that meet customer expectations and business needs.  • Establish and evolve technology frameworks, platforms, standards and processes; research current and future application development trends to ensure stability and growth.  • Encourage team engagement in constant skillset growth using traditional methods and cross- training to reduce SPOF risk. Web Developer The Colorado Springs Gazette - Colorado Springs, CO March 2018 to January 2019 • Design and build websites and components with PHP, MySQL, JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3 (SASS) with a focus on accessibility, brand representation, and conversions.  • Integrate new features into complex existing platforms on the LAMP stack.  • Drive and manage a wide variety of requests from customers, coworkers, and product owners to consistently deliver high quality experiences.  • Inspire others to grow in their fields for the betterment of their careers, their team, and the company. Lead Web Developer WickedThink Marketing - Colorado Springs, CO October 2015 to February 2018 • Develop and maintain over 80 web presences, 67 of those on WordPress using tools such as SASS, Python, Nodejs, Git, and Object-Oriented PHP for scalable software.  • Collaborate creatively with team members on a wide array of application solutions and designs.  • Maintain all IT services for multi-directional scaling for both internal and external IT architectures to promote company and client growth.  • Solution research, testing, and implementation of web applications and integrated services.  • Build and Test lead generation websites - front and back-end - platforms, and integrations for over 30 affiliates, 6 sources, and 3 subsidiaries, all in LAMP or LEMP environments. Web Developer WickedThink Marketing - Colorado Springs, CO April 2014 to September 2015 • Develop WordPress-oriented, critically rendered, fluid responsive, high volume, and semantic HTML5/micro-formatted websites with a minimum Google PageSpeed Insights Score 75 or higher.  • Combine goal driven designs/modifications with Google Analytics/Tag Manager to increase conversion rates across 4 verticals and innovate new monetization strategies.  • Work in a fast-paced environment with SASS, Git, Genesis Framework, MySQL, and Nodejs.  • Produce 24 pixel-perfect websites built from the ground up using provided .PSD based designs.  • Design elegant UIs and develop 20+ websites for a wide array of industries and brands. Web Developer Freelance/Self employed - Colorado Springs, CO July 2013 to April 2014 • Design, develop, and maintain Joomla, WordPress, and static web applications.  • Utilize HTML5, CSS3, jQuery to develop UX Focused and fluid responsive sites.  • Vet and scope budget compliant projects that encouraged growth in the client's business. Education High school or equivalent in Computer Networking Skills AWS (4 years), Linux (5 years), Javascript (6 years), Java (1 year), PHP (6 years), Apache (5 years), NGINX (4 years), MySQL (5 years), Node.js (5 years), GraphQL (1 year), React (1 year), HTML 5 (6 years), CSS3 (6 years), SASS (4 years), WordPress (6 years), Software Development (6 years), Git (6 years), JIRA (2 years), Web Design (6 years), Web Development (6 years), Photoshop (5 years), Illustrator (4 years), Indesign (3 years), Graphic Design (5 years), Application Development (3 years), Management (2 years), Team Leader (5 years), Mac OS X (2 years), Windows (10+ years), Android, Jquery, CSS Links https://github.com/ExcellentSP